Desperation Dungeon - A Multi-Part Story of Extreme Desperation - Page 4

Author: Bulge_Lover

*079*2017-02-14 07:16

{{45 minutes ago, That idiot me said:

Right it's been 10 days not ungreatful for your work it's amazing but is this dead or is it just a really big chunk of the story?

}}

No, I swear it's not dead! I'm writing every single day. I cannot overstate just how HUGE OF A PROJECT the next part is. Understand that it's not a simple part of the story, it's an absolutely massive program run on a separate webpage, something that I've never seen done before about omorashi and something that takes an amount of writing equal to a small novel.

I am really sorry about how long this is taking, I never expected it to be so much work when I started, but it's turned into a big passion project. Once other writers here see what I'm doing, it's likely going to create a new wave of unique and wonderful stories all over this site. Trust me, it's worth the wait.

As for how long it may take still from now, we're looking at a week at the very least. I'm trying to write more but between the pure word count and the complex nature of the thing itself, it's very slow-going.

What I can guarantee is that I will NOT stop writing this story until I type "The End" after the last words of the final chapter. I love this thing I've created just as much if not more than any of the readers, and I ain't goin anywhere.

*084*2017-02-21 06:23

Alright, somewhat good news, everyone. I've decided to make the "huge project" that was the next chapter its own separate thing from this. It was originally intended to be implemented as a sort of 'game' within the story, Emma's task being to complete the 'game' before she wets herself. However, the project has simply gotten far too large to be inserted into another story without breaking the pace / overshadowing it completely. The good news is that I'm going to finish a new chapter of Desperation Dungeon before I continue working on the project. The new chapter should be up in two or three days, and it will be just as good and equal in length to all the others. The bad news is that I started working on the project without proper forethought, and wasted a lot of time I could have used to continue Desperation Dungeon first.

Anyway, huge apology for the delay, but we'll be back on track very soon.

Thanks,

- B.L.

*087*2017-02-24 08:22

{{2 hours ago, phoenix80803 said:

I'm sorry if I sound needy, but I really want you to finish. I have been waiting for a while now and I really need something to read.

}}

You're in luck.

*088*2017-02-24 08:23

“You have an absolutely gorgeous body,” Dee said as Emma slid her soaked panties off and stepped into the shower. “I know I'm cute enough, but I have weird hips.” The blonde girl poked her hips, which did not appear 'weird' in any way.

“You're beautiful,” Emma assured her. “Everyone feels like there's something not perfect about themselves, but it's usually all in their head.”

Dee smiled, then turned to fiddle with the shower's digital settings. She obviously knew it well, because they were both enjoying the warm water within seconds. “So how do you like it here so far?”

Emma closed her eyes and leaned back against one of the shower walls. “I honestly can't even describe it. It still feels like a dream. To think that a place like this, that a woman like Kay, that any of this can exist...”

“I felt the same way too. I very nearly refused to call the number she gave me. I was bursting to pee but she just kept donating more and more money...eventually I caved and called the number and she made me drink water and hold it in until I wet my carpet. I put up a huge fight about it, I really didn't want to pee on the floor, but how could I turn down that kind of money? I was barely out of high school, my parents kicked me out of the house the second I turned eighteen because I'm an atheist, I had nothing. Kay quite literally saved my life, and showed me an entirely new world.”

Emma looked up, busy rinsing her inner thighs. “I can't say I had that much trouble before all this, but I understand what you mean. I was barely managing university, struggling to eat every day. I got lucky on my camsite, I had a few regulars who were really into red hair and would pay a lot just to watch me comb it and wash it, but they came and went. Heh...'came'...”

Dee playfully slapped Emma's shoulder. “Perv,” she giggled. “Ugh, my legs hurt from holding.” She leaned on a wall and slid onto her butt, halfheartedly scrubbing her chest. “I already feel like I need to pee again.”

“It's just the shower,” Emma shrugged.

“Yeah I know. Trying not to pee in the shower is almost harder than holding it when I'm actually desperate.”

“Maybe I can help,” Emma whispered. She dropped lightly to her knees and reached for Dee's crotch.

“Oy,” Kay's voice interrupted suddenly. “Focus up, subjects. There will be time for fun later. You both need rest. Get out of the shower and go to sleep.”

“Yes, mum,” Emma droned sardonically. Dee just sighed and stood up. She helped Emma to her feet, finished rinsing the soap off her legs, and turned off the shower.

The two women put their masks back on and left the bathing room. “Remember to put your clothes on, subject,” Kay said.

“Can't I just sleep naked and get them on in the morning?” Emma asked.

“No,” Kay answered simply. “Oh, Dee, I forgot to mention. You'll be on Stage L tomorrow.”

Emma furrowed her brow as Dee's face fell into a frown. “Really? Already?” Dee asked.

“Don't argue, the clients want it.”

Dee sighed and looked strangely at Emma. “Yes, Professor.”

“Good. Have a nice night, subjects,” Kay finished.

“What's all that about, then?” Emma asked, slightly concerned at the look on Dee's face.

“Doesn't matter,” Dee said. “Get your clothes on, I'm very tired.”

“Alright then,” Emma mumbled. She walked over to the dresser and pulled the drawer open, then sighed. She pulled out a pair of light-colored jean shorts. “Fuck's sake, I hate jeans. And they're gonna be torture when my bladder fills up.”

“Guess that's the whole point of it, eh?” Dee muttered.

“Yeah. Won't be hard to sleep either way, I'm knackered.” She looked back in the drawer, pulling out another pair of the wonderful satin panties, this time in light blue. “At least I get these,” she quipped, waving them over her head.

“Oh hell yes, I love those,” Dee moaned. “I have a good stash of them myself after living here for so long.”

Emma slid the panties on, then the jean shorts. She zipped and buttoned them, then looked back into the drawer to pull out a black leather belt. She literally never wore jeans, so she had next to no experience putting on belts. She fiddled with it for a minute before finally clasping it in place. She noticed that there were a number of big holes in the leather, larger than the ones for the clasp and all aligned with each other when the belt was on. She didn't know enough about belts to question this, so she went back to the drawer and took a light blue, very lacy push-up bra. She began to place it on her breasts, but Kay's voice spoke up again. “It's alright if you wait until morning for that. No woman should be forced to sleep in a bra.”

“Thank you, Professor,” Emma said with a smile. “Wait, what about the shirt?”

“Meh, don't worry about it,” Kay said. Emma shrugged and dropped the bra back in the drawer and jumped onto the bed. It was the softest, most comfortable bed she'd ever been on. She snuggled up against the wall and lifted the blanket up for Dee to crawl up next to her. The blonde woman laid on her back, staring at the ceiling.

“Good night, Emma,” Dee whispered. “And...good luck tomorrow...”

If she wasn't so tired, Emma might have heard the slight tone of warning in Dee's voice. However, it went unheard as Emma fell asleep within seconds.

Chime. Chime. Chime. Chime.

“Shit, yes, I'm up, can that noise before I throw a wobbler,” Emma groaned.

The chimes ceased. “Good morning, Subject,” Kay said happily.

“Bloody hell, I need to piss,” Emma responded. She double-crossed her legs and gasped. She had woken up completely desperate. It made sense; she had been drinking up until the moment she lost control. She had only peed one and a half liters, meaning that there were still over two liters slowly making its way to her bladder. She stayed in place for a time, her face held in a grimace. After about a minute, and after she had actually woken up a bit, the pressure died down to a somewhat manageable level. “I'm surprised I didn't wee the bed.”

“You wouldn't think so, but that's actually only happened four times since I started this whole thing. Without any existing issues, it's really difficult to actually urinate in your sleep.”

“Glad of it,” Emma said. She rolled over and sat up, finally noticing that Dee was gone. She stood and gasped again as her bladder throbbed hard. Her solid belly strained tightly against the unforgiving jean shorts. “Ugh, I'm really not gonna last too long this morning.”

“Get your bra and shirt on,” Kay ordered.

Emma stumbled to the dresser and got out the lacy bra, putting it on quickly. Next was a very cute white blouse that almost looked like something a pirate would wear, if that pirate were someone in a halloween costume who had no idea what a pirate actually looked like. “Gotta wee, god damn, these jeans...”

“If you're really that desperate already, you're in luck. A client would like you to remove your shorts and panties and urinate in a toilet like any ordinary woman. The reward for doing so will be five hundred thousand dollars.”

Emma blinked. “Er...”

“That's all,” Kay said. “You'll notice that a toilet now resides in the bathing room. It's been hidden behind a rotating wall, Scooby Doo style. All you need to do is remove your shorts and panties, sit down, and pee. Note that if you relieve yourself anywhere other than this toilet, you will not receive a cent of reward money for this pee, I promise you that. You are also not allowed to pee through your clothes. Also, be aware that the toilet in the locker room downstairs has been removed.”

Emma stepped into the bathing room. Sure enough, a perfectly ordinary toilet now sat against the back wall, right where the bathtub used to be. “Are...are you sure I'm supposed to do this?” Emma asked tentatively.

“Yep,” Kay chirped.

Emma shrugged and approached the toilet. The sight of it increased her desperation greatly, and she had to fight hard not to leak. She flipped the lid open and recoiled, as though she was expecting some sort of explosive. Nothing happened, and the toilet just sat there invitingly. “Well, alright then.” Emma reached for her belt. She gripped the leather and pulled. It didn't budge. Emma frowned and looked down. Her mouth fell open as she saw a small padlock, looped through those large holes in the leather of her belt. “I figured this was dodgy. That thing about 'Stage G,' that was some kind of code to make Dee do this to me, wasn't it? Alright, give me the gen, what am I supposed to do so I can wee?”

Kay was silent.

“Professor?”

Nothing.

Emma sighed. Nothing to do but go downstairs, I suppose. Kay wants the clients pleased, so there has to be some way out of this.

She shut the toilet lid and left the bathing room behind. As she approached the staircase, she noticed an envelope taped onto the banister. She reached out and took it, pulling it open quickly and withdrawing a neatly folded letter.

Emma,

I am so very sorry about this. I didn't want to do it, I didn't think you were ready for such a challenge, but the Professor knew that you would wake up desperate and I had to follow orders. I just hope you're as smart as you are beautiful, or you don't have a chance. Please forgive me.

Go to the Office Scene. Your first clue awaits.

- Dee.

Emma dropped the letter and crossed her arms, breathing out slowly as her bladder continued throbbing and contracting. Alright, there's no way to avoid whatever this is, and I seriously need to wee. I'd better get on with it, no time to think.

Emma slowly made her way downstairs, trying to walk gracefully to avoid jostling her bladder. She crossed the living room and walked into the hallway, then stepped into the office scene. She immediately noticed that the computer was turned on, the screen displaying an open Word document. Emma approached the computer and settled in the office chair, crossing her legs tightly as she looked at the screen. The Word document contained one simple sentence: "THE LAST THING YOU WANT IS THE ONE THING YOU NEED."

Emma stared at the screen, blinking helplessly. “The last thing I...” It doesn't take long for the answer to click in her head. “Well, the last thing I want right now is to drink more and get even more desperate,” she muttered to herself. “I thought it was weird that you didn't tell me to drink yet.”

Her attempt to get Kay to talk was ineffective, the woman remaining silent. “Guess I should head for the fridge.” Emma stood up, moaning as her bladder protests the motion. She ignored it and left the room, moving as quickly as she could until she stepped into the kitchen. Everything appeared ordinary as she approached the fridge, and she reached out to open it. The usual rows of water bottles were absent, in their place was a line of five small, black jars with nozzles similar to a child's sippy cup. She picked one up, noticing that they were heavy for their size. Definitely filled with water. She grabbed at the lid and turned it to no avail; they were sealed very tightly. Emma estimated that each container, based on their size, held about two hundred milliliters. If she drank them all, that would be a full liter slowly making its way towards her bladder while she tried to do whatever else she had to do.

Knowing better than to believe such a trick would work, she still turned one of the jars upside-down, shaking it. No liquid left the container. Of course. Well, here goes nothing. Emma placed the nozzle in her mouth and sucked in. Her eyes went wide when she tasted not water, but sweet iced coffee. Despite the great flavor, Emma knew that coffee was very well known for making someone need to pee far faster than most other drinks. “This is like some kind of mild version of the bloody SAW movies,” Emma groaned. With no other way out of the situation, she continued drinking the coffee until the container ran dry.

Moments after the coffee was finished, the container began beeping loudly. Startled, Emma dropped the jar. It landed unharmed on the tile floor, but then the lid popped off with a pneumatic hiss. Blinking, Emma reached down and picked it back up. Inside was a small key, inserted into a slot on the side of the container.

She reached inside and pulled the key free, looking around for any clue about what comes next. Turning towards the door, she noticed that it was shut, a large sign hanging from the doorknob that read 'FINISH THEM ALL.'

Emma's bladder screamed for relief, constantly throbbing and pulsating around her whole body. Every few seconds she felt a strong contraction, forcing her to focus solely on holding it in. The four remaining jars intimidated her. I'm getting greedy...at this point, I shouldn't be too concerned about losing half a million. But I want everything I can get...and I think I'd be lying to myself if I said I didn't want to get through this. Kay keeps pushing me to my very limits, and I love that. I have to keep going.

She grabbed another jar and began drinking without another thought. As soon as the flavor entered her mouth, she coughed slightly and pulled the jar away. “FUCKING WINE?” Emma shouted. Alcohol was even more notorious than coffee for making people pee. “You're sadistic,” she moaned, but still she continued drinking the flavorful beverage. It was the best wine she'd ever tasted, and certainly the strongest. Probably costs a few thousand dollars a bottle, knowing Kay... Once she finished, the container started beeping as well. Expecting it this time, she placed the jar on the kitchen counter. Seconds later, the lid flew off, revealing another small key.

On to the next bottle. This time she expected the unexpected, and rightfully so as she tasted green tea upon taking a small cautionary sip. The next jar was full of orange juice, and the last contained simple coca-cola. Finally she has all five keys in-hand, after having drank a liter of beverages all of which were obviously designed to dramatically increase her desperation. Upon stepping away from the fridge, she heard a loud beep as the large appliance began sinking into the floor.

She stared at it wide-eyed as it retracted completely out of sight, a sliding trap door locking into place over it. Built into the wall that the fridge had been covering was a small metal hatch, five keyholes lining the front of it in a row. Moaning as her ever-increasing need to pee batters her waning willpower, she sat down in front of the hatch and held one of the keys. She tried inserting it into the first keyhole, but it wouldn't go more than halfway in. Sighing, she switched to another key to try again. It took her a couple of minutes to find the right key for each hole but eventually the hatch fell open, revealing a very tight passage that led into the wall. Leaning down, she saw that the passage was long, at least thirty feet, and well-lit with a single line of LED bulbs spanning the entire way.

After staring down the tunnel in confusion for a few moments, Emma realized the point of this. She would have to crawl through. On her front. With her bulging bladder pressing into the floor of the passage as she moved.

Despite the absurdity of this task and the extreme pressure inside of her, Emma knew that the faster she moves, the sooner she'll get to pee. Despite her body telling her to rest, she knew that a full liter of various diuretics was going to be added to her bladder soon, and that she would have no chance of making it through after that began to happen. “MOVE IT!” Emma yelled to herself, forcing her body into motion as she got down on the kitchen floor. The added pressure immediately caused her to gasp, her pee hole vibrating from the quantity of liquid that was squeezed up against it.

Arm over arm, Emma began crawling through the tunnel. The ceiling of it was so low that she couldn't get on her hands and knees, couldn't keep her distended bladder off the ground. Every time she moved forwards, the balloon inside of her pressed hard against the floor, sending shockwaves of desperation cascading across her whole body. Crying out with each motion, Emma proceeded slowly through the passage, trying to use her breasts as a sort of pillow to keep the weight of her torso off of her bladder. It barely worked, as her belly was bulging out nearly as far as her chest. It took her fifteen minutes of struggling to force her way through to the other end, but finally she stumbled to her feet, immediately twisting her legs together and breathing heavily, her eyes squeezed shut.

A minute later, after she regained some semblance of control, she stood straight and opened her eyes to examine her new location. Blinking as bright lights filled her vision, she saw that she was in a large round room, the walls painted light blue like a clear sky. In the very center of the room were two square, wooden podiums, one of which was occupied by a woman who Emma had never seen. A slender black woman wearing an emerald-green maxi dress and matching masquerade mask, her legs crossed and her hands pressed hard against her crotch.

On the right sat a row of bleachers, occupied by six other women, all wearing masks of different colors. On the left stood Dee who was now wearing a sort of butler uniform, holding a large tray full of what appeared to be shot glasses. Directly across the room from her, on a large chair that resembled a King's throne, sat Kay herself. Looking magnificent as always, she stared at Emma through her incredibly ornate mask, her left leg casually crossed over her right, revealing one of her perfect thighs through her ruby-colored long side slit dress.

“Hello, Subject,” Kay called, her voice echoing loudly around the room. “Welcome to my game show: 'Who Doesn't Want to Piss Themselves?”

“Is this bloody real?” was all that Emma could muster.

“Oh, it is. This is my own brand of fun; the clients watch but have no control over this. Every one of my girls goes through it, though usually on their last day. You've shown such aptitude that I decided to allow you to join early. Also, I have...other plans for your last day here. You already know Dee, of course. The woman at the podium is Jae. She came here once before, about a year ago. She made it through three days but then she fell sick with a cold. She was having no fun at all after that, and if the girls aren't enjoying it, I'm not enjoying it. So I sent her home with the promise of allowing her to return to try again someday. The onlookers are the rest of the girls that decided to stay with me after their own original turns in the complex. No need to bother with names right now, you'll meet them all personally soon enough.”

Emma's brain struggled to process simple words through her unbelievable desperation, but she got the gist of it. “Right. Pee game show. What are the rules? Be quick about it before I wee right here.”

Kay chuckled, uncrossing her legs and leaning forwards. “The rules are simple. I will ask each of you a question, alternating contestant between each one. The questions will all be related to pee in some way, ranging from anatomical questions to trivia about particular scenes in movies and television shows. I brought Jae here because she has about as much experience with this as you do. Any of my other girls would wipe the floor with you. If you answer a question correctly, you will be given an empty shot glass and be allowed to fill it.

If you can't stop peeing afterwards, you obviously lose. If you answer wrong or simply don't answer, you will be given a shot glass of water to drink. There are ten questions and each shot glass is one hundred milliliters of water...so if you get every one wrong, you will have another entire liter going into you. As you can see, Jae is extremely desperate as well, so she's going to be playing to win. If you lose the competition, you will be dumped back in the house to continue on normally, your five hundred thousand dollar bonus reward gone.”

Emma just nods desperately. “Alright, I'm ready. Let's go.” She hobbles over to the free podium, placing her hands on its edge.

“Fine, fine,” Kay moaned. “No time to waste, I guess. First question is for Jae: What is the average capacity of the human bladder?”

“Five hundred milliliters!” Jae shouts quickly.

“Correct!” Kay shouted. “I'd say that 'Average' isn't very fun though. Five hundred milliliters doesn't even produce a bulge...Anyway, get drinking.” Dee immediately stepped up and handed Jae an empty shot glass. Without any delay, the woman pulled her dress up over her waist and tore her green panties down, pressing the shot glass against her reddened lips. Less than a second later, a burst of pee shot out of her and filled the glass instantly. With a loud groan of agony, Jae stopped peeing and placed the full glass on the podium.

“Next question is for Emma: In the 2010 movie 'Frozen,' a woman is forced to wet her pants after over a day of being stuck in place. In what form of transport does this occur?”

Emma blinks. “I've got no-” Emma cuts herself off. Even though I don't know, I should at least try to answer. Give myself a chance. “In a car?” she mumbled.

“Incorrect!” Kay called. “The answer is 'In a ski lift.' Water for you!”

Dee jogged over, handing Emma a full shot glass which she quickly downed with a low moan.

“Question for Jae now: In the television show 'Parks and Recreation,' government employee Leslie Knope attempts to delay a council's vote with a 'filibuster,' or by talking nonstop until the meeting adjourns. Towards the end of the meeting, she becomes very desperate to pee, squirming in place and holding herself openly in front of dozens of witnesses. What type of unusual equipment is she wearing during this scene?”

Jae moans softly and mutters to herself for a few moments. “Er, a helmet?”

“Incorrect!” Kay chirps happily. “She was wearing rollerskates.”

Emma watched with an evil grin as Jae is forced to drink before Kay started speaking again. “Emma: It is a popular MYTH that dancing around and holding yourself can greatly increase the duration with which you can hold your pee. Which MythBuster disproved this on national television by releasing an impressive one and a half liters after sitting perfectly still for over two hours, having drank two full liters of water?”

“KARI BYRON!” Emma shrieked, raising her fists in victory. “I've always adored that episode even before I was into this, such a display of girl power...”

“Correct,” Kay said, smiling widely at her.

Dee approached quickly, handing her an empty shot glass. Emma reached down quickly to remove her shorts, before remembering that she can't. “I, uh-”

“Oh, that's right,” Kay interrupted. “Dee, help her out, if you please.”

Dee nodded and set her tray of shot glasses on the podium before kneeling in front of Emma. Reaching into her pocket, Dee produced what appeared to be a small pink funnel. “Ever see one of these before?” Dee whispered. Emma shook her head. “Ah. It's called a Female Urinary Device. It's designed to let women easily pee standing up without pulling their pants down, like if they're hiking with men or using a dirty toilet.” Dee reached out and unzipped Emma's jean shorts, sliding the wide end of the device through the fly and pressing it right up against Emma's lips. “I can't do anything about your panties, so you're gonna have to pee through them. Be really careful not to flood it, I want to see you finish this thing.”

Dee grabbed one of the empty shot glasses and placed it under the tip of the funnel, then nodded at Emma. Wincing in concentration, she relaxed her hold on her bladder. Pee immediately started leaking out of her and soaking through her panties, and she smiled as she saw the restrained stream start falling into the glass through the funnel. It's filled in less than five seconds, and she clenches her fists and stiffens her body to stop the stream. Her bladder contracted powerfully and her pee hole burned from the effort of clenching off her relief. Once she stopped, Dee placed the glass on the podium but left the device in place for the next time she needed it.

“On to the next,” Kay spoke up, looking down at Jae. The black woman was absolutely frantic, her legs shaking visibly and her arms both held on the podium for support. “Faced with a traffic jam, the main character of what television series is forced to pee into an empty cup in front of a young onlooker?”

Jae released a small squeak. “I know this! Just give me a second, I have the scene in my head but I can't...remember...” She paused for a few moments, folding her legs and falling into a sort of lopsided squat. “WEEDS! It was Weeds! I haven't seen it in so long...”

“That is indeed correct,” Kay said. Once again, Emma was forced to watch her competition let some pee out. The woman moaned in ecstasy despite the very small amount of relief, and she managed to stop before overflowing the glass.

Emma couldn't even hold herself properly with the funnel in the way, so she crossed her legs and placed one hand on her distended belly. She was really feeling all that she drank, the pressure increasing greatly with every passing minute. She knew her time was limited, and she was unsure of her ability to cut off her flow again. Still, she had no intention to lose.

“Now for Emma: You know that every one of my girls has a massive capacity due to much practice and great encouragement. However, most people do not have this privilege. It is legally considered a medical emergency if someone's bladder contains more than what amount?”

Emma strained her mind. She felt it somewhere in there, she was sure that she had read something about this in the past. Still, she could not pull up the information with her mind and body so occupied with the incredible amount of pee that was constantly fighting to escape her. Unwilling to waste time, she shouted out the answer that made the most sense to her. “Seven hundred and fifty milliliters?”

Kay released a muffled groan. “No, Subject. I'm sorry, the answer is one full liter. You have to drink.”

Emma looked to her feet as Dee handed her another full glass. She drank it quickly, knowing that going slow would make no difference. As soon as she set the glass down, she winced as a tiny spurt of pee forced its way out of her despite her immense focus and the tightness of her muscles. Glancing down fearfully, she sees a single drop hanging from the tip of the device. Worried that the high-tech floor would detect even this small amount, she stuck her foot out just as the drop fell, blocking it just before it struck the floor. Thankfully, nobody seemed to notice this. I'm really not going to make it...The next leak will be bigger and there won't be anything I can do to stop it.

Emma looks up just as Kay begins to ask Jae the next question. “Much of what you drink is used as nutrients for your body, meaning not all of what you drink will reach your bladder. Under normal circumstances, for example not exercising or purposefully overdrinking, what percentage of consumed water will reach the bladder?”

Jae opened and closed her mouth helplessly, her whole body vibrating in place. She appeared to be supporting most of her weight with her arms on the podium, her legs held so tightly that she could hardly stand. “I...Maybe...No... Oh my God, I have no idea. I guess...ninety percent?”

Kay shakes her head, folding her slender hands under her chin. “That is incorrect. The answer is seventy percent. Please drink.”

Jae whined and moaned in protest as Dee had to nearly force another shot glass into her hands. “Please no,” Jae cried. “I'm so desperate, I can't possibly drink anything else...”

“Then forfeit the competition and give the victory to Emma,” Kay said, grinning widely. “You'll be returned to your part of the complex, absent the five hundred thousand dollar bonus. Of course, you won't be allowed to pee until you truly lose control, no matter where you are. I'd say your chances are-”

“Jae,” Emma said suddenly. She stepped over to the other woman, gently grasping her arm. “Get to your feet. The way you're squatting like that is just putting pressure on your bladder. I know it feels better to bend over and hold yourself, but the pee is gonna get pushed out of you. You need to stand straight and give your bladder room to expand.”

“Oooohhhh!” Kay purred loudly. “Aiding the enemy, a truly honorable gesture! I'm very impressed. Emma is right, indeed. I can't say anything to favor either contestant, so I couldn't have warned you earlier. Standing straight is the best way to hold to extremes, but willpower becomes far more important. Your mind wants you to squirm and squeeze, it's almost an involuntary reflex, and you have to shut that down.”

Jae whimpered as Emma pulled her to her feet. She found her balance and stayed in place, although she was still shaking like a leaf. Emma reached out towards Jae's stomach. “May I?” Emma whispered. Jae just nodded shakily. Emma placed one hand on Jae's belly, and ever so gently slid her hand across Jae's middle. Her stomach was flat and soft, but the sweat coating Jae's face was proof enough that she was truly desperate. Emma quickly dropped her hand and turned towards Kay. “Professor, this contest is no fair. Her bladder isn't even bulging out but she's clearly at her absolute limit. She can't rival people like us. She's just...ordinary. Er, no offense...”

“None taken,” Jae mumbled.

“Anyway,” Emma continued, “Replace her with Dee. I somehow doubt that you've let her have a wee this morning, and she's drank just as much as-”

“This is very strange,” Kay interrupted, leaning back in her throne and crossing her legs again. “Jae, when you were here last time, your capacity was well over a liter. However, you've only had three bottles of water this morning. I chalked it up to you having had a lot to drink on the way over, but this is becoming suspicious now. I know that you are not pregnant, so what is the meaning of this?”

“I...I...” Jae stammered.

“Tell me!” Kay commanded, an impressive sense of authority filling her voice.

“IT WAS MY SISTER!” Jae cried out. “My twin sister...she was the one who was here last time. When you called yesterday, she wouldn't answer because she's married now and couldn't do something so weird anymore. So I...I picked up the phone and came for the reward money. I'm sorry, I just wanted...”

Kay got to her feet, her long dress falling across her legs. She glided down the stairs of her platform and approached the shivering girl, her face unreadable under the mask.

“I am...disappointed,” Kay whispered. “The real Jae had a lot of potential. She was very beautiful and she found immense pleasure in her desperation. I wish you had told me all of this in the beginning. I would have understood, I would have kept you here, I would have trained you. But you decided to deceive me. This is one thing that I can never allow.”

Without another word, Dee grabbed Jae by her shoulder with her left hand and pushed her right hard into Jae's belly. Even with her small bladder, the pressure found its mark. Jae shouted out as she began wetting herself completely, the stream bursting across the front of her dress and splattering all over the floor. Despite Jae's extreme, agonizing desperation, her pee only lasted for twenty short seconds. Once she was finished, Kay released her and stepped back.

“Cece will escort you out,” Kay said. A very attractive and athletic-looking brunette wearing a tight office skirt and blouse stood up from the bleachers and began walking towards them. “By the way, tell your sister that whenever she gets over this 'husband' shit that she's welcome back any time. Tell her to follow her heart, not anyone's expectations. That girl's almost as big a lesbian as I am, you should have seen the way she went at my tits when I hugged her.” Cece had reached them now, staring sadly at Jae. “Get her out of here,” Kay ordered, waving her hand dismissively.

Shaking her head, Kay turned back to Emma. “I am so sorry for that ludicrous display,” Kay breathes. “I never would have thought in a million years that anyone would pull such-”

“Professor...”

“-And a HUSBAND? That woman was lusting after me like some kind of-”

“Professor?"

“-such potential, she could hold almost a liter and a half on her first day here. I guess twins can have completely different bladder sizes? This is new information to me, I need to-”

“PROFESSOR!”

“Wait, what?” Kay finally snapped back into reality, looking down at Emma.

“I...I can't hold it!”

Kay folded her arms in front of her as she watched a small stream dribbling from the device that was still stuck in Emma's fly. Less than a second later, however, the redhead absolutely burst. The funnel was flooded instantly, her pee flowing over the sides and soaking through the jean shorts. Multiple streams flowed down her thighs and pooled under her, spreading far in every direction. Kay reached out and removed the device, letting it fall to the floor. She just stared, her eyes wide in fascination as Emma kept soaking her shorts. Soon there was one thick stream falling through the saturated denim, splattering onto the pool that had almost reached the far corners of the large room.

Looking up, Emma noticed Kay quivering where she stood. There was no sign of her needing to pee, so Emma guessed it had to be caused by pure horniness. “If you want me, have me right here. In front of everyone and in a pool of my own wee,” Emma whispered.

“Not...yet,” Kay breathed in almost complete silence. “I have to be professional in front of them. Two are straight and one has no interest in sex whatsoever. When I engage with a woman, I do so in private. Just the two of us, alone in our own empty universe, no distractions and no concerns. Besides, when I have you, I want you to be past your absolute limit. I will be, too. When we meet on the last day, we're both going to feel things we've never felt before. Don't spoil it because you feel like you need a screw here and now.”

Emma nodded, agreeing with every word Kay was saying. “I want it to be right.” Her pee still thundered out of her, a true waterfall adding to the ocean already under her feet. A full two minutes passed as the women stared at each other, and finally her stream fell silent. Emma continued standing still, waiting for the verdict on her quantity. Even though she'd lost the reward, she wanted to know much she'd released. “Hey, what happens if you're not there to, er, narrate?”

“Figured you'd ask that,” Kay laughed. “I've got a sort of autopilot system I turn on whenever I'm out of the control booth. It can issue common orders and even answer simple questions. It's rather-”

“One thousand six hundred and twelve milliliters,” said a slow, robotic version of Kay's own voice.

Kay strode forward and took Emma in her arms, hugging her tightly and lovingly. “That is absolutely magnificent,” Kay breathes. “I never could have imagined you would improve this fast. You are truly a magnificent woman, Megan.”

“Heh, Megan,” Emma whispers back. “I know it hasn't even been two full days, but it feels like I haven't heard that name in ages.”

“We all know that feeling.” Kay releases her hold on Emma and steps back. “Alright, Subject. While it goes against the rules of the game, due to the extenuating circumstances I have decided to reward you as usual for the quantity of your pee. Unfortunately, I cannot bend so far as to give you the reward for winning an uncompleted game. Dee will escort you to the house so you don't need to crawl through the tunnel again, and you can enjoy your two hour respite before your next hold. Good luck, Subject.”

*098*2017-02-25 20:25

Thanks, everyone! I'm so glad people are really enjoying this. As I've said before, I swear that I will see this series to a proper ending. However, the next chapter is going to be a long way off because I am going to finish my other big project first. It's pretty similar to this - Modern day, focused on desperation, but it's much more focused on real life in a town rather than in one fancy location like this story is. Still, anyone who's enjoying this is sure to love my new project as well.

*101*2017-03-11 04:53

{{24 minutes ago, gushingpenis said:

*sigh*. you had to say that on my birthday?

}}

Well technically I said it like two weeks ago...

*102*2017-03-11 04:54

{{35 minutes ago, Jony said:

Well, you has a link to send or something like that?!!, I think I should like to see this other one

}}

It's not finished yet and it will probably take a long time. It's a huge project.

