Desperation Dungeon - A Multi-Part Story of Extreme Desperation - Page 11

Author: Bulge_Lover

*254*2018-03-13 06:35

The Final Part-

*****

Emma moaned and gasped as the two women continued to drag her. Every few seconds, another tiny spurt of wee filled her panties before it soaked into her fatigues. She didn’t know why she was still trying so hard to hold on, she had already lost the challenge. She just wanted to please Kay, to hold on until her body failed her as she was instructed on her first day here.

As one of her leaks soaked through her pants and hit the leaves below her, one of the women dragging her took notice. She reached for Emma’s vest, and twisted the microphone off. “Emma,” she said softly, “please hold on, just for a little longer. You don’t want to pee now, trust me.”

Emma pursed her lips under her mask, twisting her legs together and continuing to moan. About a minute later, she was dragged behind a large tree, and she lost sight of the drone that followed her. As soon as this happened, the women released her and began waving their arms. Emma looked on in confusion as three more women suddenly burst out of the ground about five meters ahead, having apparently been hidden under a large tarp that had hundreds of leaves and twigs attached to it. One of the women was dressed exactly as Emma was, while the other two were wearing jeans and hoodies. She recognized one as Vee, the Scottish woman from the video she had watched in Elise’s office, while the other was new to her. The camouflaged woman hobbled over to them, her hands stuffed between her legs.

“Hi, Emma,” she chirped, and Emma recognized Dee’s voice under the black mask. “Go under the tarp, quickly, before the drone comes back!” She grabbed Emma’s vest and pushed her towards the other women, and Emma started walking as quickly as she could, pee dribbling out of her with each step. Her pants were wet half way down her thighs now, and she groaned in pain as she tried to force herself to contain the rest.

She reached the tarp and she was quickly pulled under it just as the drone descended below the treeline. Emma watched as the women who ‘captured’ her began dragging Dee, and a moment later she saw Dee begin violently wetting herself, pee thundering down her legs just as the drone began hovering directly in front of her.

“I get it,” Emma whispered. “The client won’t be able to tell that it isn’t me under that mask. Why though, why switch me out instead of just letting me wet myself out there?”

Vee smiled at her, barely visible in the darkness of the tarp. “Talk to Kay about that. She told us to bring you home, with a full bladder.”

“Girls, I won’t make it home. I’ve GOT to pee, I’ve been leaking for five minutes now…”

“Let’s fix that,” Vee said. She reached for Emma’s belly and swiftly unbuttoned her pants before sliding them down her legs, along with the black panties. She struggled for a moment to yank the pants over Emma’s boots, but eventually they came free. Now absent all constraints, Emma’s bladder was round and huge, a five-inch bulge that throbbed and cried for relief.

“That might buy me ten minutes, but I’ll still never be able to hold it until we get back,” Emma panted.

“Let’s just move, the rest of them are far enough away,” the unknown woman said. She threw the tarp off of them and they stood up, Emma shivering slightly as a gust of wind blew across her trimmed red pubic hair.

“I’ve never gone vag-out in a forest before,” Emma giggled as they began to walk. “This feels weird.”

“We do a lot of stuff in the woods,” Vee said. “You’ll have a much more peaceful time out here soon enough, I’m sure. By the way, we won’t be on camera until we get back to the complex, so feel free to remove the helmet and mask.”

Emma nodded and pulled the stuffy headgear off, taking a deep breath of the fresh forest air. They were only walking for two minutes before Emma spotted a strangely-shaped stack of leaves in the middle of a trail, which was soon revealed to be a black S.U.V. hidden by another camouflaged tarp. Vee opened the back door and helped the desperate redhead inside before climbing in herself, and the other woman got in the driver’s seat. Emma shrugged off her backpack and pushed it over the seat into the trunk, and then she leaned back in her seat, pressing her right hand hard against herself.

“Here, let’s help you out before you lose control,” Vee said softly, reaching into a pouch behind the front seat and withdrawing what appeared to be a whiskey glass that would clearly hold no more than about two hundred milliliters. She reached between Emma’s legs and held the glass there, looking at her expectantly.

Emma just sort of grinned awkwardly. “If you think that glass is big enough, you’ve got another thing coming.”

“That’s the point,” Vee responded, smiling back at her. “You’re not to fully empty your bladder, we just have to relieve you enough to get back to the complex. So get peeing, and you’d better manage to stop before you overflow the glass.”

Emma sighed and nodded. “Let me get in a better position here…” Emma set the mask and helmet on the floor in front of her. She groaned as she then got on her knees, the back of her head pressing against the roof of the S.U.V. She opened her legs slightly, and doing so caused a small dribble to fall onto the seat. Vee quickly pushed the glass between Emma’s legs again, pressing it hard right over her labia. Emma gritted her teeth as she tried to pee without fully relaxing her muscles, and she grunted in effort as a restrained stream began to trickle out of her.

Things were made worse by the fact that Vee was staring directly into Emma’s eyes with a strange, fascinated look on her face.

“Why are you letchin’ at me like that?” Emma breathed as she continued to pee gently into the small cup.

Vee giggled and looked down to Emma’s privates. “I’ve not seen your face before now. You’re very beautiful. You know, everyone in the complex knows what you’ve done,” she explained. “You’re already a legend in there. Every girl who’s not straighter than an arrow wants a go at you now. Beyond this, there are a couple of clients who are offering millions for custom videos from you.”

Emma felt her face flush red for a moment. She looked down as well, grimacing as she saw her pee reaching the top of the glass. She moaned loudly and clenched for all she was worth, and the soft trickling of her pee fell silent. She exhaled and fell back into her seat, rubbing her bladder. She could feel that the size of it had gone down, and after a few seconds the pain of stopping her relief mid-pee faded. I’m still desperate, but I’m alright now. I can hold it properly.

Her composure regained, she looked back to Vee. “Are there even any straight girls here? If so, I haven’t met any of them.”

Vee nodded. “Beatrice up there is straight,” Vee said, pointing to the woman who was driving. “But Kay usually keeps the lesbos and the normies separated. She doesn’t want us making them uncomfortable. I feel like she also has a bit of disdain for them, like she can’t comprehend why they have to be the way that they are. But there are clients who only want to watch women hold it by themselves, and why waste a good lesbian on something like that?”

Emma chuckled at Vee’s colorful use of the English language. “Yeah, that’s what she had me doing, when I first arrived here. When we first spoke over the phone, she told me that I’d never have to work with another person. Eventually though, she asked if I would like some company. I never felt like she was trying to coerce me into it, it really was my choice, and I went for it. And bloody hell, I’m glad I did. I’ve had so much fun with Dee, and Tsu, and Cece.”

“Me too soon, hopefully,” Vee said with a rather lustful look in her eye. She seemed to realize just then that she was still holding a cup full of pee. She opened her window and tossed the whole glass out. “Don’t want you begging to fill it again,” she said with a smirk. “Hey Bea, how long of a ride is this?” she asked, turning towards the driver. “I’ve never been on this path before.”

“Well, it circles around the lake, so I’d say about twenty minutes?” Beatrice answered.

“You gonna be able to hold it that long?” she asked Emma, her eyes locked on the desperate woman’s great bulge.

“I’m fine,” Emma answered truthfully. “Since I got desperate I’ve had my bladder compressed by belts and pants, and now that that’s all gone and I’ve let a bit out, I feel confident. I just want to know what’s happening. What does Kay want with me that’s so important that she pulled me out of a scene?”

“I can’t say,” Vee stated with a shrug. “Just enjoy the ride, and try not to look at the lake when we pass it…”

*****

The rest of the ride was uneventful, the time spent chatting about random nonsense between the three of them. Despite Vee’s warning, Emma couldn’t help but stare at the mentioned lake. Bright blue and nearly round, it was a beautiful location. The sight of it did make her squirm, but she held on just fine until they pulled into an underground garage, the entrance perfectly hidden between two thick rows of trees. As soon as they fell below ground level, Emma was startled by a loud mechanical sound, and she turned in her seat to see a thick steel panel sliding across the entrance. As the sunlight was cut off, bright white lights blinked on across the garage.

“Never seen this,” Emma mumbled as she stared around the massive space. There were rows of cars of all shapes, sizes, and values. There were Lamborghinis and limousines, as well as ratty, beat up sedans and minivans. Ferraris and Jaguars, and rusty pickup trucks and station wagons.

“A vehicle for every possible scene,” Beatrice spoke up, sensing Emma’s confusion. “A poor college student wetting herself while stuck in traffic isn’t all that convincing when she’s in a Lambo.”

“Can’t forget about the southern farm girl in an old pickup,” Vee butted in. “On a secret date with another girl...both desperate and both too shy to admit it to each other. Now THAT was a fun scene. If I ever have to do an American accent again though, especially a southern one, it’ll be too soon…”

The other women continued rambling on about the vehicles as they ascended the parking garage, but Emma was too lost in thought to pay much attention beyond the first two. They finally came to a stop in front of a frosted glass door, and the three of them stepped out. “Should I put my mask back on before we go in there?” Emma asked.

“Nope. Just get right on in there, and have a lovely afternoon,” Vee responded. “And don’t pee!”

“Would one of you tell me what is-” Emma started, but the two of them just grabbed her vest and basically forced her through the door. She turned to protest once they released her, but the door was already shut, and she heard the lock click behind her.

Sighing, Emma turned around again to face her new environment. She seemed to be in a plain hallway, the walls painted an off-white like one might see in any office building. Naked from the waist down, she looked around in confusion. Absent choice, she took one step, and then she heard the all-too-familiar chime, followed by a woman’s voice that she did not recognize.

“Please proceed through this hallway. Take the first left, and enter the second door on the right.”

“Who’s that?” Emma called out. “I’m sorry, I don’t know your voice.”

“We will talk soon,” the voice said. “Please do as I asked.”

Emma sighed and began walking through the narrow hall. She spotted the turn to the left fairly quickly, the solid color of the walls making it hard to see from the entrance. She took the turn, and she stopped in her tracks as she stared down the new hallway in front of her. It was at least two hundred meters long, with rows of doors on each side. There had to be at least a hundred rooms. Bloody hell, I’m in the Matrix. I am LITERALLY in the Matrix.

She shook her head violently and hobbled over to the first door, which had a glass pane set in it. She could see a row of monitors and a few computer towers, as well as a mini-fridge and a stack of cereal boxes against the wall to her left. This has to be Kay’s...office? Where she watches all the subjects and speaks to us. I was expecting something fancier...this looks like it’s out of a 90’s hacker movie. Maybe… THE MATRIX!?

Emma laughed to herself as she pulled away from the door and stepped to the next one on the right. This door had no window, and she slowly grasped the knob, uncertainty burning in her chest. I’ve got no idea what I’m getting into, but...this is happening. She pushed open the door and stepped inside. At first glance, the room appeared to be a small salon. There were massage tables and bathtubs, as well as barber’s chairs and mirrors lining the opposite wall.

“Welcome, Emma.” Emma jumped slightly at the voice, and she turned to face it. A tall, dark-skinned woman with jet-black hair and thin brown eyes approached her from a door to her left that she had not even noticed. The woman looked to be a little older than thirty, and she was dressed in nothing but dark purple cotton panties. She was also not wearing a mask. Emma had never met one in person, but she believed the woman to be Native American. She was stunningly beautiful. “My name is Ava. I am Kay’s first ever subject, and now I am her...personal assistant, so to speak. It is wonderful to meet you.” Ava extended her right hand, smiling widely at Emma.

The redhead took it and shook, returning the smile. “It’s good to meet you as well. Please, though...can you tell me what’s going on here?”

“Of course,” Ava said. “Kay had planned to bring you here tomorrow, but when you were in the gun shed… Well, there are microphones in there. She heard you talking to Cece, telling her how horny you were, and she saw how you could barely control yourself, and she kind of...snapped. She demanded that you be brought here immediately, before you wet yourself. And so I organized your extraction. I’m going to prepare you for Kay now, and then I’ll bring you to her. You just focus on holding your pee, and let me handle everything.”

Emma pursed her lips and looked down at her glistening thighs. “I’m really very desperate, just look at my belly. Whatever you’ve got to do, please do it quickly…”

“As you wish,” Ava said softly. She stepped up to Emma and began unbuckling her vest. The heavy thing fell to the ground at Emma’s feet, and next Ava unbuttoned Emma’s fatigue shirt. Emma groaned softly as she slid her arms free, shivering slightly as her bladder throbbed hard for a moment. Ava unzipped the thick black bra and tossed it aside, and finally she got to one knee to untie Emma’s boots.

A moment later, Emma was standing there completely naked. Her skin was coated in sweat, and her legs were constantly jerking together as she was hit by waves of desperation. Ava glided a few meters to her left, where a large sink sat embedded in the wall. Next to the sink was a stack of small towels, and Ava took one and turned on the water. Emma closed her eyes and clenched her fists, releasing a sustained whine. She knew that holding herself wouldn’t help.

Ava soaked the towel in hot water and approached Emma once more. The redhead did not protest as Ava cleansed her body, washing her thighs, labia, and pubic hair. The warm towel felt amazing, even if it made holding her water next to impossible. Emma was a good subject though; she made it through without releasing a single drop. Once Ava was done cleaning Emma up, she guided the desperate woman to one of salon chairs. Emma stopped as she approached it, eyeing it warily.

“Oy, you’re not planning on cutting my hair, are you?” Emma asked. “I quite like my hair.”

Ava laughed loudly and placed a hand on Emma’s shoulder. “No need to worry, we’re just gonna sort it out. It’s all messed up from the helmet.”

Emma nodded and sat down, her bladder complaining about the motion. Ava took a fancy-looking wooden brush and began working on Emma’s hair, stroking it and brushing out numerous knots. Emma closed her eyes and leaned her head back, enjoying the sensation despite the pressure wracking her body. “I’ve got to wee so badly,” she muttered under her breath. “I’ve got no idea how I’m still holding on. I feel fuller than ever before, even though I know that I can’t possibly be holding more than yesterday.”

“You drank more water than ever before as well,” Ava said. “I know from experience, when you drink that much, you fill up fast and constantly. Every leak is immediately replaced, and once you let some out, it makes holding the rest much harder. If you want my advice, don’t let out a single drop from now on, or you might not be able to stop it.”

Emma moaned and nodded, trying not to focus on the pounding behind her privates. “How long am I gonna have to hold it in?” Emma asked, almost begging. “I don’t want to disappoint Kay, but I… I just don’t know how much more I can stand…”

“Kay has complete faith in you,” Ava purred. “She knows that you would never pee if she told you not to.”

Emma shivered again...and not from desperation. The mental image of Kay staring at her desperate, shaking body and demanding that she keep holding it made her hot enough to melt iron. Her nipples grew hard, and Ava certainly took notice.

“You seem very ‘excited’ to be here,” she joked. “That’s good...Kay is certainly ready for you.”

Emma flushed red and looked down at her breasts as Ava continued brushing her hair. This went on for five minutes before Ava seemed satisfied. She helped Emma to her feet and guided her towards a large wardrobe that sat next to a plain, wooden door.

“You’re almost ready. Just one last thing.” Ava pulled open the center drawer and withdrew a single garment, a light red silk night dress that perfectly matched Emma’s hair. Ava unfolded it carefully and slid it over Emma’s head, letting it fall into place. Emma slid her arms through the straps and looked down at herself. She could see her bladder bulging beyond her breasts, and her nipples were clearly visible through the paper-thin fabric. Ava then opened the bottom draw, and Emma saw that it was stuffed with at least two hundred pairs of panties in all colors and styles imaginable. Ava dug around in the hoard for nearly a full minute before she found what she was looking for, a pair of those magical, weightless panties that you couldn’t even feel on your body. They matched Emma’s hair and dress as well, and Emma gingerly raised her right leg and stepped into them as Ava held them low.

Dressed, desperate, and more horny than she had ever been, Emma stared expectantly at Ava. Without saying a word, the Native woman reached for the doorknob and pulled it open. With a flourish of her arm, she gestured Emma inside. “While you are inside this room, you will not be one of Kay’s subjects. You will be yourself, and you will be Kay’s companion. Trust her, be with her, let yourself feel things with her. Just...have fun.”

Emma gave her a shaky but thankful nod, and she made her way through the door, which was quickly closed behind her.

*****

Emma stood in a perfectly round room, about six meters across and four tall. Purple silk curtains lined the walls, so thin that they were nearly transparent. Behind them, bright blue light swirled and glistened like the surface of a tropical ocean. The room was home to many interesting things, but all that interested Emma stood right in front of her, dressed in the exact same way that she was. The exact same way...and Emma was not wearing a mask.

“Do you recognize me?” Kay asked, her bright violet eyes staring into Emma’s own.

Upon seeing Kay’s face, Emma’s resolve was hardened to adamantium. She knew what the lack of a mask meant: Kay was no Goddess, she was no Queen, she was just a woman, a real woman that Emma could talk to, that she could touch, that she could experience. She was an equal.

“I’ve no clue who you are,” Emma answered truthfully, her voice steady for the first time in well over two hours. Kay’s face was entirely unfamiliar to her. Her nose was small, her cheeks were round, reddened, and generally adorable. Where Emma had only seen Kay with blood-red lipstick before, the woman was now wearing no makeup at all. While still absolutely beautiful in all possible applications of the word, if Emma saw Kay on the street, she wouldn’t give her a second thought. This all came together to give Emma a sense of comfort and welcoming that she had never felt before. Kay had made herself truly vulnerable.

Kay walked slowly to Emma and embraced her, their breasts pressing together. Emma expected her bladder to be squeezed against Kay’s belly, but she felt nothing down there. Emma looked down and furrowed her brow as she noticed that Kay was sort of leaning away from the hug with the bottom half of her body. As they broke apart, Emma was staring directly at Kay’s stomach.

“You noticed already?” Kay asked, her thin mouth curling into a loving smile. She reached for the front of her loose dress and slowly pulled it upwards, revealing panties that matched Emma’s as well...and a bulging bladder that put Emma’s to shame. Protruding at least seven inches from Kay’s normally perfectly flat belly, she looked like there was a bowling ball sealed under her skin. “I drank a gallon of water early this morning, before I even spoke to you in the doctor’s office. I honestly hadn’t decided yet if I was going to bring you in here today, but if I did...I wanted to be ready.”

Emma looked over the woman that stood in front of her. She was standing perfectly straight, her arms relaxed, her feet inches apart. Her face was restful, her lips held in a calm smile. She didn’t appear to be struggling in the slightest.

“You’ve been holding it for eight hours after drinking a whole gallon?” Emma asked, trying not to let her absolute disbelief show.

“Closer to ten hours, actually,” Kay corrected her bluntly. “I was up and about very early this morning, speaking with my security team about their job today. I started drinking as soon as I woke up.”

Kay sounded casual as could be, but Emma knew that she was bragging for all she was worth. I can’t let this get to me. She’s showing me her face so I feel comfortable around her, and I do, but she still wants me to know just how strong she really is.

“Don’t worry about all of that though,” Kay continued, waving her hand dismissively. “Please, join me over here, and have a seat.” Kay strode over to a small, round, dark wooden table that sat on the right side of the room. She sat down in a matching chair, one of two, and crossed her legs. Not in a desperate manner, just a ladylike one. Emma sat down across from her and did the same, though the powerful clenching of her muscles was perfectly obvious.

After the women had settled in, Kay reached beneath the table and withdrew a small tray, a steaming teapot and two fine china teacups resting on top of it. “I prepared this just before you came in. I know you Brits know your tea, but I can guaran-TEA that this will be the best you’ve ever had.”

Emma covered her face with her palm at the unexpected pun. She eyed the teapot through her fingers and she couldn’t help but moan slightly. “Professor, I really don’t think I can drink that...I’m really, truly, seriously bursting…”

“Please do not call me that in here,” Kay said quietly. “Just call me Kay. I...so wish that I could tell you my name. Showing you my face is one thing, barely anybody knows my face, but with even just my first name… A bit of googling, and you would be able to work it out. I very much hope that you understand.”

“I would never do that,” Emma said, her voice full of honesty and empathy. “Kay, I would never, ever do anything to compromise you or what you do here.”

“And I believe you with all my heart,” Kay responded. “But there are rules that I set for myself, rules that I’ve never broken in my years of running this place. I can’t take that risk. Please, it is nothing personal...I just can’t do it.” Kay looked almost on the verge of tears.

Emma reached across the table and grasped one of Kay’s soft hands between her own, holding it tightly. “I understand completely. Let’s just enjoy ourselves. Who we were before this place shouldn’t matter. I don’t care about what you’ve done in the past, I care about you, here and now. I care about Kay.”

Kay blinked rapidly and nodded, letting her hand slide free of Emma’s. She grasped the teapot’s handle and proceeded to fill the two cups. “I know how full you are,” Kay whispered. “But I also know that you’re capable of holding it for as long as you need to. Ava is the one that talked me into allowing you some relief in the car, but I know that you would have made it even if I had not. I know that once you learned that you were coming to meet me, you would build the strength needed to hang on. And now with me right here, telling you to hold it in, begging you not to pee, you will stay dry for me, yes?”

Emma felt shivers shooting down her spine. Despite the fact that Ava had just washed her, she felt that her labia had already grown slick again. Emma closed her eyes and thought hard, focusing on the nuclear explosion building inside of her bladder. Can I really wait any longer, especially if I drink anything? I feel so much more desperate than ever before. Yesterday’s hold was nothing compared to this pressure, and I don’t know how that’s even possible. Before I wet myself then, I felt like I was about to die, but now I just feel...good. I was in a panic yesterday, I knew that I absolutely had to complete my task, and maybe that threw me off. Now though, it just feels so...sexual, like no matter the pain I feel, I know that it’s okay, I know that I’m doing this because I want to.

“Megan?” Kay whispered, staring at the woman who was completely lost in thought.

Emma shook herself out of her stupor and locked eyes with Kay. “Yes. I can do this. I’ll hold it for as long as you want me to, no matter what. And please, if I’m calling you Kay, just call me Emma. Megan is my past.” Emma reached down for her teacup, raised it to her lips, and slowly sipped it down. Kay smiled widely and did the same.

Now that things had quieted down, Emma scanned the room they were in. There was a massive four-poster bed surrounded by thick, purple curtains set in the back of the room, and a nightstand sat right next to it. Further to the left was a large refrigerator and a massive, ornate bathtub, free-standing and lined with what was almost certainly real gold. There were a number of drawers and wardrobes as well, and a long counter with many cabinets and a kitchen sink set in it. This was clearly where Kay lived, every basic amenity accounted for and present inside of this one room...except for a toilet. The world is Kay’s toilet, I think… Emma took a final sip of her tea as she looked back to the woman in front of her.

As soon as the two women set their cups down, Kay refilled them. “Let’s play a game,” Kay said after she took a sip of her second cup of tea. “When you first arrived here, I allowed you to ask me three questions. We’re going to do that again, only now we’ll be alternating. You ask me one, I ask you one, until we’ve both had three questions. Other than my true identity, we must answer with absolute honesty. You can go first.”

Emma grinned as she took a sip as well. Even though she knew that the warm liquid of the first glass had barely made it down her throat, the act of drinking caused her bladder to convulse powerfully. Emma just crossed her legs tighter, ignoring the cataclysmic pressure inside of her. “Outside the salon, there’s a row of doors almost as far as the eye can see. What are they all for?”

Kay took another small sip and set her cup down. “There are only ever twenty-six active women in this compound at any given time. Any more than that and organizing scenes and keeping track of them becomes next to impossible. Me, Ava, Cece, Tsu, Dee, and Gina - You’ve never met her, she’s the one who designs all the sets and maintains all the mechanical shit in here, - we count as essential staff, so our ‘letters’ are always active. That leaves twenty subjects to fill out the alphabet. Every letter has had a few girls fill its name. There have been three Emmas before you. 

The woman currently filling a name is featured on my website, so clients always know who they’re getting. I make up nonsense backstories for everyone, so there’s no chance of any of you being tracked down by particularly creepy clients. The doors lead to the apartments of all the women who live here who are not currently recording. When a girl has her period, or gets sick, or needs to travel, or just wants to relax for a few days, I switch them out so I can always keep production at a maximum.”

“There’s got to be a hundred doors out there though,” Emma stated before taking another sip of tea. “You can’t possibly have THAT many women off-camera all the time. Organizing it would be chaos. Oh, and don’t try to pawn that off as another question.”

Kay exhaled a quick laugh. “Don’t worry, I won’t. You’re quite right. Being honest, it’s not something I like to speak of much, but let me just say that Maisha is not the only abused woman who I’ve brought in. Now, is it my turn?”

Emma nodded. “Come at me, bruv.”

Kay laughed again, louder this time, and nearly choked on a sip of tea. Despite this, her legs never tightened up. “I’m going to ask you a question that you asked me. Before we ever spoke, what’s the most desperate that you’ve ever been? I love hearing stories from women’s lives before they became experienced holders. There’s just something more...natural about it, if you know what I mean.”

“I do,” Emma said. “Give me a moment to think, there have been a few situations…” Emma slanted her lips and looked down, trying to remember the worst that she’d ever had to wee before she first spoke with Kay. The thoughts of her most desperate moments caused her bladder to begin throbbing violently again. She twisted her legs up tighter, her chest heaving. She settled on a memory and looked up, catching Kay staring at her breasts. “I can take the dress off, if you’d like,” Emma offered. “Give you a better look.”

“No thank you,” Kay purred. “We’ll be saving that sort of thing for later.”

Later, she says. I don’t know how much of a ‘later’ I could possibly have without bursting. Emma sighed and looked Kay in the eyes. “I was sixteen when it happened. Me and my friend Jen, we were to see a film. World’s End, with Simon Pegg...he’s one of our favorites. We had just gotten out of lunch where we’d both had sodas, and we’d bought large ones from the theater as well. Neither of us needed to wee at that point, so we didn’t even think to go to the toilet. We were fine through the movie, but we both needed to go pretty badly when we got out.”

Emma moaned softly and squirmed in her seat, clenching her fists on the tabletop in front of her. “The thing is, the toilet in the theater was in the lobby, and as we were walking towards it, Jen noticed that Kick-Ass 2 was playing just five minutes after World’s End finished. We wanted to see that as well. We argued about it for a while, I really wanted to go to the toilet, but she insisted that a free film was worth a bit of discomfort, and that we wouldn’t be let back in if we went past the ticket guy. I eventually caved, because hey, we’re adults, right? We could go two hours with full bladders. Well, the whole situation turned into an absolute atrocity. Half way through the film, Jen literally started crying in desperation and rushed out of the theater in a panic. I followed after her, and let me tell you, I was in serious trouble as well. I started leaking in my knickers when I stood up but I managed to hang on until I got to the lobby.”

Emma paused for a moment to take a few deep breaths, the memory causing great stress to the watermelon that was her bladder. She looked to Kay, whose hands were tightly clenching her thighs and trembling slightly. Her face was reddened and now it was Kay’s chest that was heaving as she took deep, moaning breaths.

“Ooh, Kay,” Emma chirped teasingly. “Do you look like that because you’re desperate, or is my story making you so randy that you have to physically restrain your hands to stop yourself from jilling off?”

“Is that your second question?” Kay countered breathily.

Emma pouted. “No. I haven’t finished answering yours, anyway. As I was saying, I managed to make it out of the theater without soaking my skirt, but when I got to the lobby… Well, Jen was right there, in front of like twenty other customers, just squatting down and wetting herself all over the floor while sobbing like a loon. She’d completely lost control. Two security guys were already standing right next to her, waiting for her to stop peeing so they could grab her without getting pissed on.”

Emma shivered, placing a hand on her belly, which was as round as a full moon. “Now, you need to remember that I was on the verge of an accident myself. I walked over to the scene of the crime, so to speak, and pulled one of the security guys aside. I’m still not sure if I’m proud of what I did, but I lied my bloody face off. I told him that Jen was autistic, and that a violent scene in the movie had upset her and caused a breakdown. I begged him to let me take her home, and I offered him every pound that I had in my purse. I will say, he was a really nice guy. He wouldn’t take the money, and he talked down the other guard and the theater manager as I led Jen towards the exit. The best part? Throughout my entire conversation with the guy, I was leaking every couple of seconds, but literally nobody noticed because all eyes were on Jen who was still emptying herself into the carpet.”

Kay was absolutely vibrating now. The sight of her struggling so hard to stay ladylike was driving Emma up the wall as well. She ignored the pleas of her burning slit and forced herself to continue her story. “So I practically dragged Jen out of the theater and into the parking lot. She was a complete mess, still crying and leaking, and I knew that she wouldn’t be able to drive properly. Thing is, I also knew that I wouldn’t be able to either with my bladder about to explode. Not wanting to leave her alone to go back to the toilets, I just hiked up my skirt, pulled my knickers aside, and weed right there next to the car. It felt incredible, but I didn’t get anything sexual out of it at the time. Once we were both relieved, I drove her home and stayed overnight...and we just never spoke of it again.”

There was a long pause as the two women sat there, trying to regain their composure. After about two full minutes, Kay spoke. “It is...your turn, now,” she said simply.

Emma already had her question locked and loaded. “In great detail, how desperate are you right now? You act so tough, but I know that there’s NO way in Hell that your body isn’t in complete pandemonium right now.”

Kay groaned to herself, apparently somewhat displeased by this particular question. “I was hoping that you would let this proceed as it will, but very well. I am...BURSTING," Kay exclaimed loudly. “My entire body feels like it’s boiling, my internal muscles are strained to their very limits, and every breath I take feels like a lightning bolt striking my bladder. My pelvis widened well over an hour ago, and any extra room that created has been filled three times over. Still, I remain dry and I do not speak of my desperation, because I absolutely will not pee until I wish to. Yesterday I watched you surpass your limits through pure insanity, and today I do the same thing. Neither one of us will release one, single drop until we’ve had all the fun I plan on having with you this evening. Then, and only then, will we empty ourselves together.” Kay uncrossed her legs and drank down the rest of her tea in one long sip. “Ready for my question?”

Emma nodded, her face bright red and sweaty.

“Excellent. I want you to tell me, now that you’ve seen my face and my whole body...am I the most attractive woman that you’ve ever seen?”

“Bloody hell,” Emma choked out, trying desperately not to laugh, knowing that such an action would surely cause a massive leak. “Are you really that vain?”

Kay curled her right hand under her chin, grinning smartly. “I have my reasons for asking that question.”

Emma sighed and crossed her arms over her chest. “You want honesty, so the answer is no. That honor will never go to any woman but Kari Byron. You might remember the name from a question you asked during your game show. I was gay for her before I was even gay.”

Kay’s smile widened, and she gently bit her lip. “Good answer. I never trust the girls that bark out a yes immediately. Some come to that conclusion after a bit of thought, or at least after being taken aback by the question like you were, but the ones that don’t even bother considering it...nah. I don’t like suck-ups.” Kay placed her hands on the edge of the table and leaned forwards slightly. “Your turn.”

Emma bit her own lip for a moment before she spoke. “Tell me yours. The most attractive woman that you’ve ever seen.”

“Oh, I’ll give you that one for free,” Kay muttered, waving a hand. “It’s Heather. Remember her, my old nanny from the story I told you when you arrived here?”

“Of course,” Emma said with a nod.

“Figured you would. Yeah, though...She is an absolute goddess. I have never seen another woman who even came close. Heather is flawless in every single way. I couldn’t even begin to describe her in a way that would let you comprehend it, and I’m not going to waste time trying. Go ahead and ask something else.”

Emma thought for a moment, her rhythm thrown off by Kay’s free answer. After a moment, something came to her. “There’s something that I’ve never been quite sure of. You call yourself the Pee Professor, so maybe you know something about it. To put it bluntly, when women squirt from an orgasm, is that pee?”

Kay smiled and giggled softly for a second. “Great question! And one with a somewhat complicated answer. The truth is...sort of. It’s very interesting. A woman’s ejaculate does indeed come from the urethra and it is built up inside of the bladder, and there are always traces of urine in it because of this. However, the liquid mostly contains...well, it might sound sort of gross, medically speaking, but it’s ‘prostatic secretions.’

It’s a liquid formed by your prostate and it fills the bladder, and when a woman has an orgasm strong enough, it’s forced out involuntarily. What confuses even me is that when a woman who’s absolutely desperate to pee squirts, it’s always that clear liquid, never yellow pee, and it’s totally possible to keep holding in all your pee even after squirting, even though the whole process goes through your bladder and urethra. The whole thing is absolutely fascinating, and I truly hope to fully understand it someday, but even with all of modern science at my back, I’m stumped. Ready for my last question?”

Emma inhaled slowly and nodded.

Kay stayed silent for a time, looking into Emma’s eyes. Kay’s face was mostly relaxed, but there was a note of...uncertainty? “Will you stay with me?” she finally asked. “You’ve earned your millions, and after tonight you will be free to leave and live your life in any way you wish. Or you can remain here, have your own room, live for free and spend or donate your earnings however you like. Of course, you will be able to take vacations any time you wish, or return home and come back freely. I just-”

“Kay, I’m in love with you,” Emma interrupted loudly. “I love this place, I love working with you, and I never want to leave. I’m here, for as long as you’ll have me.”

Kay’s lips were held slightly open, and the smallest tear could be seen forming in her left eye. “You understand that I cannot be...faithful to you, that I will engage with other subjects very often, and that I’ll never like...be your wife.”

“Fuck that noise,” Emma barked. “I want to sleep with every woman in here just as much as you do. At the same bloody time, if possible. This is where I’ve always belonged. No bullshit, no strings, no betrayal, no sadness. Just love, fun, and peace.”

Emma jumped as Kay stood up violently, the small table toppling onto its side. The teapot shattered as Kay wrapped her arms around Emma’s shoulders, pulled her to her feet, and embraced her in a hug that could almost break bone. Their bladders were now held together, and Emma screamed as the pressure grew to unbearable levels.

“KEH, UH’M GUNNUH WET MUHSULF!” Emma tried to shout, her face completely buried in Kay’s soft breasts. The taller woman released Emma and stood back, her face the dictionary definition of happiness.

“Get...in...bed…” Kay ordered, pointing towards said bed with a quivering arm.

Bloody hell, this is happening, Emma thought quickly. I’m really going to be with Kay...after everything, it’s really happening.

Emma’s catastrophically full bladder was somehow pushed out of her mind as she took five small steps to the side of the bed. She pulled the curtains aside and sat down at the edge of the bed, her dress settling between her legs. Kay approached her and grasped the sides of the dress. With one swift motion, she pulled the garment off of Emma’s body and threw it aside. Next, she did the same with her own dress. Emma looked on wide-eyed as Kay stood before her, breasts out and her labia clearly visible through the super-thin fabric of her red panties. Her knickers are completely dry. I don’t understand how she can be so strong...her self-control is inhuman. Kay then placed her hands on Emma’s chest, guiding her back until she was laying down. She could actually feel the weight of her bladder pressing down on the rest of her body, pounds of pee just sitting on top of her.

“Roll over,” Kay whispered, leaning over Emma. With a loud moan and a shout of effort, Emma flipped onto her front. She was immensely thankful that the bed was as soft as it was, or else the weight of her body would have absolutely forced the pee right out of her. Kay opened a drawer on the nightstand and withdrew a small, transparent bottle filled with some sort of clear liquid. Without wasting any time, she climbed onto the bed, threw a leg over Emma’s body, and straddled her thighs. Emma said nothing as Kay opened the bottle, and the aroma of scented oil immediately filled Emma’s nostrils.

Kay poured a quantity of the oil into her hands, rubbed them together, and then placed them on Emma’s back. Emma moaned loudly into a pillow as Kay rubbed the oil all over Emma’s body, all over her back, down her sides, and across her shoulders. Kay masterfully massaged Emma, applying pressure to her neck and all down her spine. Emma felt the stress flowing from her body, and it took everything she had to stop something else from flowing from her body as well. Every touch made her want to relax completely, but she knew that she could not, she knew that she had to keep holding it all in.

The massage went on for at least ten minutes before Kay dismounted Emma’s legs. “Roll onto your back now,” she whispered in Emma’s ear. Emma shivered and did as she was told, another loud groan escaping her. Kay knelt beside Emma and began massaging her front. Things quickly grew very intimate as Kay oiled up Emma’s breasts and inner thighs, stopping millimeters short of her panties. And then came the part that Emma most feared. Kay placed both of her hands on Emma’s round, protruding bladder and began to rub. She did not push, but just the sensation of Kay’s soft hands caused untold chaos in Emma’s body. She thrashed and cried out, grasping Kay’s forearms tightly. Kay looked her in her eyes, the pain of her desperation written all over her face…

And then Kay’s arms went limp and she fell on top of Emma, wrapping her arms around the other woman’s neck. A second later, their lips met, their tongues pressing together as they kissed with the passion of every poet and bard that had ever lived. Kay mounted Emma once again, their clits pressing together through their panties and their bladders fully crushed under the weight of Kay’s body. Neither one of them cared as they continued to kiss, their hands all over each other’s breasts. Emma broke free with her left hand and slid it down Kay’s side and through the waistband of her panties, and for the very first time, she felt the only part of Kay that was more private than her face.

She was slippery and burning hot, and Emma felt a large clit and vulva that were folding out from Kay’s engorged labia. She was fully and immensely aroused. Kay reached down to her side and gripped the waistband of her panties, literally ripping them off of her body and throwing them to the floor beside the bed. She shoved her left knee between Emma’s legs and leaned into her ever harder, forcing their breasts together as they continued to make out like two teenagers in a car on an overlook.

“Fuck, Kay,” Emma moaned through Kay’s lips. “I’m gonna burst, you’re pushing on my bladder so hard!”

“Mine’s getting pushed in just as hard, and I’m holding it just fine,” Kay responded in kind.

“But you’re some kind of...freakish...bladder superhero, I don’t bloody know. I’m seriously going to wet myself, you have to lay off…”

Kay groaned in protest, but she pushed her weight up with her hands and knelt next to Emma. “Fine, you don’t want me on you, I’ll just get under you…” In a surprising display of athleticism, Kay jumped over Emma’s legs and stood up at the foot of the bed. She placed her hands on Emma’s shins and slowly moved them up between her thighs, leaning forwards until her face was just above Emma’s slick panties. Her slender hands gripped the waistband from either side, and she slowly and gently slid them down her legs. Emma raised her feet off the bed so Kay could pull the panties free, and she dropped them on the floor as she leaned in once more.

Emma knew what was coming, and she braced herself just in time as Kay shoved her face between Emma’s legs. She felt Kay’s warm, wet tongue fall across her tremendously sensitive clit, and she wrapped both of her arms around two pillows, squeezing as tightly as she could as she began to thrash in pleasure. Kay’s forehead was slamming into Emma’s giant bladder as she moved, and it only served to make the sensations exploding from her womanhood even greater. Kay circled Emma’s clit with her tongue before sliding it up and down her vulva, and then she pushed her tongue as far as she could into Emma’s vagina. She repeated this pattern until Emma fell into the rhythm of it, and once that happened, Emma was completely taken.

She screamed and moaned, cursed and bucked, every passing second bringing waves of pleasure unlike anything she had ever imagined. As she became more and more aroused, her bladder stopped contracting, the constant battering replaced by an unfathomable, solid pressure that pushed down on her privates and multiplied her sensitivity by a hundredfold.

Kay went on for five minutes before Emma just couldn’t take it anymore. She felt it building in her gut, the burning in her clit growing to its limit. The feeling began to radiate outwards, warming her thighs and her chest. Her face flushed bright red and her pelvis thrusted involuntarily against Kay’s lips. She felt electricity bubbling inside of her whole body, tingles and twitches that she had absolutely no control of. As Kay’s tongue found its way to Emma’s clit again, it happened. All of that pleasure, all of the sensations across her entire body began to congregate, pulled into the beautiful, pink place between her legs, building, and building, and building…

Emma’s breath left her chest as the stacking pleasure inside of her erupted out all at once, and she exploded into the most powerful orgasm that she had ever experienced. Her body shook violently, her arms going limp and her legs clenching around Kay’s head with strength that Emma never knew she had. Kay wrapped her arms around Emma’s thighs and kept licking, completely unperturbed. Emma gasped for air as her body went supernova, and it went on and on, building up again and exploding out once more, twice, three times, four and five. For the first time ever, Emma went through multiple orgasms, each one just as intense as the last...and through all of this, despite her loss of control of her own body, she still would not pee.

“You’re so strong,” Kay breathed, her chin and chest covered in Emma’s sex. “You’re the most impressive woman I’ve ever met.” Kay wiped herself off with the blanket she was kneeling on, and then she crawled up to Emma’s left side. She laid down next to the quivering, exhausted woman and wrapped her left arm around Emma’s body, across her breasts, her hand softly gripping Emma’s right shoulder. She nuzzled her face into Emma’s neck, the soft red hair brushing her cheeks and tickling her nose. “Dee, Heather, Cece, they can all hold huge amounts for a very long time, but you...your pure control, your ability to hold through orgasms and physical activity… I only see the likes of it when I look in a mirror. You are the woman I’ve fantasized about for years, the woman who can finally match me, maybe even surpass me. I am…so happy that I found you.”

Emma slid her left arm under Kay’s body and embraced her around her back. Kay’s voice was full of emotion, true passion and love that she had never heard from the woman before. It was like Kay had turned into an entirely different person than she had been when they met. "I'm only like this with you," Emma said softly. "Normally I leak a lot, and I can't stop squirming, but with you...I just have so much more strength."

“That's not true though. The yoga on your first day here, no other woman here has ever been able to support her weight on her bladder without wetting herself on her first attempt. And with Cece just earlier today, she wet herself while sprinting, but you held on with only a tiny leak. So... Believe in your control, and keep holding it with me,” Kay begged, gripping Emma tighter. “I know you must be desperate beyond reason, but please keep it in, keep holding on. I feel like I’m going to burst at any second, and if you start peeing, I’ll pee...we have to stay dry, both of us.”

“Don’t you…” Emma started, before she was interrupted by the strongest contraction that she had ever felt. She screamed and arched her back, somehow finding the strength to clench her pelvic floor muscles despite the fact that her multiple orgasms had left her completely numb down there. “Don’t you want me to get you off now? You did me, it would only be fair…”

Kay kissed Emma’s neck, then gave it a gentle lick. “It’s not needed,” she whispered into Emma’s ear. “All I need is this pressure in my bladder. I’m about to get off any second just from this feeling, I do it all the time.”

Emma smacked her lips and turned her head to look into Kay’s eyes. “What? You haven’t been moaning or anything, are you havin’ a laugh?”

Kay smiled and kissed Emma on her lips now that they were facing each other. “When she grows up in a mansion full of servants, a girl has to learn to keep her pleasure quiet.”

“Come on,” Emma encouraged. “Let yourself go...I want to hear you.” She turned onto her left now, her bladder pushing up against Kay’s once more. She ignored the incomprehensible pressure this caused as she placed her right hand between Kay’s legs, feeling the slippery, hot, soft slit that made up Kay’s womanhood. Kay quivered and breathed heavily at Emma’s touch, but she remained quiet still. “You’re only here with me,” Emma whispered. “Nobody who cares is gonna hear you.”

Kay exhaled and nodded, rolling onto her back so Emma could reach between her legs easier. Her arm held across Kay’s bladder, her middle finger lightly brushed Kay’s swollen clit. It took time, but soon enough Kay began to moan as she exhaled, clutching a fist over her chest as the pleasure built up. “Come inside,” Kay gasped, rocking her hips against Emma’s hand.

Happy to oblige, Emma did one more round on Kay’s clit before she slid two fingers into Kay’s vagina. The woman closed her legs over Emma’s hand and moaned loudly for the first time, her hips gyrating now as Emma drew her fingers hard over Kay’s G-spot again and again, her rhythm constant and powerful. Soon enough, Kay was at Emma’s mercy, too lost in pleasure to do much more than gasp and squirm. As this went on, an idea occurred to Emma. An idea that she wasn’t sure she should go through with.

I think Kay would like it...but it really might force her to start peeing. Would she mind? Well...I suppose there’s only one way to find out.

Emma, her mind made up, got onto her knees, never removing her fingers from Kay. Her own bladder was going nuclear, the constant, unending pressure unmatched in Heaven and on Earth. Pushing herself even further beyond the limits she had already broken, she forced the idea of relief out of her head as she placed her free left hand on the base of Kay’s bladder, about two inches above her clit.

Feeling the new pressure, Kay opened her eyes and looked up at Emma. “Wha...what are you doing!?” she asked desperately, her control clearly faltering for a moment.

Emma did not respond. She pushed up into Kay’s G-spot with all her finger strength, rubbing violently against it, and then she pushed in HARD on Kay’s belly, squeezing the woman’s pleasure center - and her colossal, diamond-hard bladder - between both hands.

Instantaneously, Kay’s iron will and every iota of composure that she had shattered all at once. She screamed at the top of her lungs, twisting her legs together around Emma’s hand and gripping her own breasts so tightly that the soft skin bulged between her fingers. She began to shake, her chest heaving and her eyes wild. Emma continued working on her, pushing into her belly in time with her strokes of Kay’s G-spot. The woman’s skin was fully coated in sweat, her hair messy and strewn across the bed. She continued roaring in pure ecstasy, pushing herself as hard as she could against Emma’s hand.

“PUSH HARDER!” Kay shrieked suddenly, reaching out to grab Emma’s wrist. “LEAN INTO ME WITH ALL YOUR WEIGHT, FUCKING SIT ON ME IF YOU HAVE TO!”

Emma was taken aback for a moment. Surely Kay didn’t want Emma to force the pee out of her yet? Still, she wasn’t going to argue and ruin Kay’s pleasure. She leaned forwards and pushed in as hard as she could with her left hand, still inside of Kay with her right.

Kay began thrashing with even more intensity, tears of bliss streaming down her cheeks. “HARDER!” she demanded loudly, trying to push down on Emma’s hand with her own. “HARDER, DAMN IT, I’M SO CLOSE!”

Emma stared at Kay, utterly confounded. Emma could see no way that she could possibly hold on throughout all of this. Unable to apply any more pressure with one hand alone, she did the only thing she could do. She raised her left leg, mounted Kay while facing her feet so she could keep her fingers working at a steady pace, and she sat down straight on Kay’s bladder. It felt like a wooden chair it was so hard, and as she let her legs go limp, her entire body weight settled right on top of it.

That sudden and immense pressure was exactly what Kay needed. With a final, rapturous gasp of pleasure, Kay reached an orgasm unlike any she had ever felt, seen, or imagined. Emma’s hand was filled with a clear, slick, and sticky liquid that exploded powerfully from between Kay’s reddened lips. The woman shook and cried in happiness, her nerves firing from every sensation that it was possible for a person to feel. It went on and on, again and again...and then it was over. As Kay’s body slowly stopped spasming, Emma slid her fingers out of her and placed her hands on her thighs.

They just stayed like that for a minute, breathing, feeling…and neither one of them had released a single drop of pee. After their talk, after they had sex, both of them had gone hours and hours after drinking a full gallon of water. Emma had leaked before, but whatever she lost had been replaced by tea, and she was withstanding all of it out of her love for Kay, just as Kay was withstanding it out of love for Emma.

Breathless and on the very edge of her control, Emma dismounted Kay’s bladder and laid down next to her again. They wrapped their arms around each other at the same time and began kissing again, their breathing synchronizing as their breasts rose and fell against each other. “It’s almost time,” Kay whispered against Emma’s lips. “This is the first time I’ve spoken these words in over a decade… I can’t hold it anymore.”

“Where do you want it to happen?” Emma asked. “Right here, in bed?”

“No,” Kay moaned. “I have to know how much you’re holding, and I’m positive that you want to know my capacity as well. We will go to the door of this room, I’ll be in here and you’ll be in the salon. Each room measures separately, so if we lose control at the same time, it won’t skew the results.”

“I don’t know if we’ll make it to the door,” Emma muttered.

“We’ll help each other. We have to try.”

Emma nodded shakily and rolled onto her back, groaning loudly with even this slow movement. Kay did the same, and over the next thirty seconds, the two women managed to stand up. Kay stood straight, clenching her fists, her arms and legs shaking in pure desperation. There was simply no way for her to hide it anymore, it had gone too far. They circled to the front of the bed in tiny, careful steps until they met up and held onto each other’s arms.

“Wait, the dresses and the panties,” Kay gasped. “They’ll soak up a lot of the pee, we have to get them off the floor!”

“Fuck, you’re right,” Emma hissed. Bending over was the most painful thing either of them had ever experienced, but they managed to collect the clothing and throw it all on top of the bed. That dealt with, they started towards the door. One step...two… Their gargantuan bladders both began contracting at the same time, trying as hard as they could to force the preposterous quantity of pee out of their anguished bodies. Sheer willpower alone kept them dry as they approached the door, and Kay reached out and grasped the knob.

The door opened silently, and thankfully it seemed that Ava was no longer in the salon. Both women wanted to do this together...alone. “Sit here,” Kay breathed, gently lowering Emma towards the floor. They moaned and gasped and cried out as they got on the ground, and they sat back-to-back, leaning against each other, their urethras each aiming into the separate rooms. There was a clock on the wall in the salon, visible only to Emma. She had to know, she had to know how long she could hold it.

“You’ll keep waiting with me, right?” Emma asked, reaching back and grasping both of Kay’s hands with her own.

“I’m...I’m so desperate, Emma,” Kay whimpered. “I think...we’ve taken it far enough…”

“Remember, Kay,” Emma said with all the strength that she could muster in her voice. Remember what you told me. ‘Do not urinate under any circumstance. Every single drop of liquid that leaves your body must be released completely, totally, and unequivocally against your will. You are to behave like peeing is a crime of the highest caliber.’ You’re so strong, you can wait longer than this, for me, with me.”

Kay’s hands squeezed tightly around Emma’s, sweaty and shaky. “You’re right. I apologize. We’re in this together, now. As long as we can, no matter what.”

And so the two women held it in. The limits of mere mortals were left in the dust as ten minutes passed, twenty, half an hour…

The clock read seven-twenty-three as the very first drop of pee formed at the end of Emma’s urethra and slid down her vulva. She released a sustained, suppressed scream as she tried to force herself to hold on, just for one more minute…

Seven-Twenty-Four.

Seven-Twenty-Five.

Seven-Twenty-Six…

“NOOOOO!” the women screamed in unison, and all Hell broke loose as their bodies failed them simultaneously. Their legs went limp, and they gripped each other’s hands as their bladders finally, inevitably won the impossible battle against their wills and their insanity. The sound was deafening, echoing around the large rooms as two streams of pee exploded out of them and sprayed unobstructed eight feet through the air. They cried and moaned in sustained, high-pitched voices as they emptied hours worth of pee across the two rooms. Their streams splattered across the hard floors, sending snakes of liquid to the far walls and everywhere in between. It pooled under them, kept apart by a small bump that separated Kay’s room and the salon.

The liquid made the hard ground slippery, and they both fell onto their backs as their pee continued to flow freely from them. Their heads side-by-side, they looked into each other’s wet eyes and they kissed once more, complete love and passion the only feelings between them. All the pressure and stress leaving their bodies was the greatest thing in the world, and their feelings for each other only increased in intensity as they grew more and more relieved.

“Keep your hair out of the pee,” Emma managed to say through her mind-numbing relief. “We...we don’t want even one milliliter to get taken off the floors.”

“Mmmph,” Kay responded in confirmation. They sat up as much as they could, the pools of pee inches away from their heads. The both of them watched their bladders deflate as they went, sinking into their bellies until they looked almost like normal people again. Even after the bulges went down, they were still peeing full-force. The clock read Seven-Twenty-Nine just as they began to slow down, but they still continued peeing, on and on…

At Seven-Thirty-One, the last dribbles of pee left Emma’s body, dripping into the pool that coated the entire floor of the salon. Kay’s flow had gone silent as well, and the two of them just waited, both on the edge of unconsciousness. Kay released a moan of excitement as the liquid finally began sinking through the floors. It took ages for all of it to be absorbed, and even longer before a very loud, robotic voice began to speak.

[ERROR. MAXIMUM SET PARAMETERS EXCEEDED. THREE MINUTES EXCEEDED. MULTIPLE URINATIONS DETECTED.]

“Holy shit,” Kay breathed. “We were holding so much that it thinks multiple women peed in each room.” She took a deep breath. “OVERRIDE!” she shouted, impatience in her voice. “Stupid thing…”

[OVERRIDE ACCEPTED.]

The generic, robotic voice was then replaced by the automated Robo-Kay that Emma had heard during Kay’s game show. “Quantity detected in Kay’s Chamber: Two thousand, five hundred and twenty six milliliters.”

Kay let out a massive breath and leaned the back of her head into Emma’s neck. “I did it. I shattered my previous record. The last time I held to my very limit, I did twenty-three hun-”

“Quantity detected in The Salon,” Robo-Kay interrupted loudly, “Two thousand, five hundred, and twenty nine milliliters.”

*****

Epilogue - The Next Day

“Did you hear?” Dee whispered, walking up behind Cece, who was squirming desperately in a chair inside the kitchen of her own part of the complex.

“Hear what?” Cece asked, frowning at Dee. “I’m streaming and I’m about to burst, are you supposed to be in here?”

“Forget that, c’mere…” Dee leaned into Cece’s shoulder and whispered so quietly that not even the CIA-quality microphones in the room could possibly pick it up. “Emma beat Kay. By three milliliters. And they both broke twenty-five hundred.”

Cece sat up straight, flinching as a spurt of pee soaked into the purple sweatpants she was wearing. “Bullshit.”

“I fuckin’ swear,” Dee responded, her eyes wide and honest. “Ava overheard it from Kay’s office. She told me the moment I got back from the forest.”

Cece stood up, moaning loudly as more pee flooded into her sweats. The cotton clung to her skin, and she squeezed her legs together in an effort to hold the rest. She put her face back right next to Dee’s. “Why are you whispering, is this supposed to be a secret?”

“Well, if the clients find out that someone did that, they’ll never want to see any other girl. We’ll be out of our damn jobs.”

“No, you won’t be losing your jobs,” a voice spoke from a few meters to their left. Both of the women jumped, and Cece began wetting herself uncontrollably. She cursed and spread her legs, letting the liquid fall freely onto the floor.

Looking to the voice, they saw Kay striding into the room, once again wearing the flame-colored dress and mask that they were all so used to. This time, though, she was accompanied by Emma, who was wearing a dress and mask just as ornate as Kay’s. The orange and red swirled in opposite directions, and side-by-side, the two of them made up the perfect image of a raging inferno. “Ava did, for leaking this information without my consent. Luckily, Emma here was perfectly happy to step into her shoes as my second-in-command.”

“How...how did you know?” Dee asked, slightly panicked. Cece stood quietly beside her, pee still streaming out from her pants.

“Ah, well,” Kay sighed. “The secret couldn’t be kept up forever. The microphones all over the complex, those go to me and the clients. There are, however, microphones embedded in each of your masks, and those go only to me...and they’ll pick up any whisper, no matter how quiet. I shut off Cece’s stream the moment I knew what you were up to, so the secret is still contained to the four of us.”

“Fffffuuuucck,” Dee moaned, placing a hand over her mouth.

“Don’t worry, you’re not in trouble,” Kay chirped, waving a hand dismissively. “I can’t expect many of you to be able to keep quiet about this. I held Ava to a higher standard, which is why she’s been...excommunicated.”

“Thank you, Professor,” Dee muttered. Despite getting off easy, she still looked very disappointed in herself. Cece’s stream ran dry just as Dee finished speaking, though small drops still fell from her saturated pants.

“Not a problem,” Kay responded with a grin. “That said, what she claims did indeed happen. I’ve been defeated, but I will surpass myself - and Emma - again and again, as she will to me. Now, as for the lot of you-”

Kay was interrupted by the automated system speaking up. “One thousand, six hundred and twelve milliliters,” it said, having finished measuring Cece’s latest wetting.

“Yeah, that’s what I was about to mention,” Kay purred, a wicked grin growing across her face. “Sixteen hundred? That shit’s not gonna cut it around here anymore. I expect the two of you - and every other woman in here - to push yourselves beyond what you believe yourselves capable of.”

Emma stepped forwards, placing her right arm around Kay's shoulder and across her chest. “If we can do it, everyone else here can do it too. So drink up and clamp your junk shut, you’ve got some bloody work to do.”

*****

Desperation Dungeon: Emma’s Arrival - THE END.

*259*2018-03-14 01:01

{{36 minutes ago, randomkath said:

This is atrocious. No British woman would ever refer to a cinema as "theater". You suck.

}}

Fixed. Thank you for your bug report, as this issue would inevitably cause chaos in the highest possible order if left untended.

{{37 minutes ago, randomkath said:

On a more serious note, my overall verdict is: This is the one of the best pieces of erotic fiction I've ever read. It is certainly THE best novel-length / multi part fetish story I've encountered so far. Love it.

}}

I'm so happy to hear that. Your support and suggestions have helped me more than you know. I know more about female anatomy than the vast majority of men, but without possessing it myself, I'll never know enough to write about it as well as I wish I could. I'm glad that you loved the story, and you'll see more from me soon.

*263*2018-03-14 16:35

{{2 hours ago, ola93 said:

For short, Bulge_Lover, your avatar may be a baby, but you are a fully matured artist!

}}

Lol, Amethyst is no baby, she's a 4800 year old alien soldier, grown underground and bred for war.

It's not even one of those anime situations where they obviously are intended to look like kids despite being ancient demons, gods, ect. It's just a bit of a chibi style there. Here's a better image:

Believe me, I have NO interest in babies or kids. No offense to any other members, but that stuff is grrreeeeaaaasssyy.

That said, thank you for your support and I'm glad you enjoyed the story.

*268*2018-03-14 21:54

{{37 minutes ago, Sake said:

You know what surprises me the most about this?

It's free.

Like, seriously, it's something you'd expect someone would have charged lots of money for, but it's not. It's just sitting here out in the open for anyone to read.

It totally would be worth lots of money though. Would not have regretted buying it.

}}

You know what, I'm glad you mentioned this. I was actually considering releasing the Remastered Edition for about 3 bucks, like those comics that are on the front page all the time. People could always read this messy version for free, but if they paid a bit they could have it all, fully edited and improved, in a properly formatted .PDF as well as a .mobi they could put on their phone, tablet, or Kindle.

I haven't decided on this yet, and I feel shitty even considering it, but it's a thing that I might do...

*277*2018-03-16 20:27

{{37 minutes ago, LOLC2k said:

Best story on the site, in my opinion. Just realistic enough with the amount they're holding while being very extreme.

}}

Thank you for your support. While Emma and Kay's capacity pushes plausibility, there's a specific capacity that's the most I've ever heard of a human holding of their own free will, AKA not a medical emergency. No character in anything I write will ever surpass that capacity, until I find evidence of someone holding more.

