Told to

Author: PeeHour

*000*2021-09-24 00:00

== Beginnings ==

-20 Years AgoThe boat ramped over a wave. Droplets from the spray of seafoam splashed against Keri’s face, cooling her flesh from the summer heat.

“Whoa, that was a big one!” shouted the voice of her sister, Kassie.

Keri glanced towards her 20-year-old sister, her light brown hair whipping behind her. A light teal long sleeves sun shirt covered her torso, atop a pair of mid-thigh olive Bermuda shorts.

Keri’s own brunette locks flailed behind her in the sea breeze. The summer sun shined on each strand, turning the normally brown hair an almost blonde hue. The breeze flew through her loose clothing; she felt perfectly content in her high-rise board shorts. Her parents sat on the starboard side, visors over their smiling faces. Her parents were happy to have both their daughters home for the summer. Kassie had recently gone off to college, but was home for the next few months. Keri, having recently turned 18, was following her sister’s footsteps, celebrating her final summer before she too started her own college career.

Hence why the four family members decided to embark on a vacation to start off the summer, all of them now seated on a fishing boat racing over the waves, the wind pounding on their faces.

“Almost there!” shouted the boat captain.

He had ensured the family they would each catch at least one fish on the deep-sea fishing expedition as long as they made it to his secret catching spot.

With each bounce of the boat against the ocean wake, Keri could feel the vibrations jostle her filling bladder. She had forgotten to use the restroom before boarding the vessel, a mistake she now regretted. However, she figured she could hold on for the entire fishing trip. After all, how long could it possibly take for everyone to land a bite?

An hour later she was biting her tongue. Keri still hadn't caught anything yet. Her parents had each reeled in a few fish, and her sister somehow managed to pull in a red snapper. The frustration only amplified from the fullness of her bladder. Her abdomen throbbed; one hand dug between her crossed legs, the other hand gripping the handle of her fishing rod. However, her wrist shook as her body fidgeted, causing the pole to shake as well. The bobber would thus get pulled under the boat, requiring

Keri to recast her line every few minutes. This maneuver proved difficult, as she had to outstretch her body, putting a piercing amount of strain on her bladder. Her aching muscles and fishing misfortune formed a negative feedback loop - the longer she went without a bite, the more frustratingly fidgety she became, resulting in impatiens and poor casts.

Finally, she vocalized her predicament.

“How much longer until we go back to shore? I need to use the bathroom.”

“Keri, dear, you still need to catch a fish!” replied her father.

“Ah yes, I guaranteed you would catch at least one!” exclaimed the captain. “If we left before you got one, I’d be breaking my promise.”

Keri bit her lip and refocused on her bobber. She nearly panicked in delight each time it shifted slightly, until the realization struck that a small wave had simply wobbled it. Finally however, the bobber dipped under the surface. Keri sprung to her feet, rotating her wrists as fast as she could to reel in whatever hid below. She had to squeeze her muscles with all her might as she pulled on the pole, threading the needle of restraining her pee while also completing the catch. To her dread, however, the line surfaces with nothing on the end - not even a hook.

“Ah, your line snapped!” explained the captain, before tying on another hoot and lure for her.

Keri nearly fell overboard in disappointment. Her chance for relief, snipped away.

Another half hour passed until Keri finally landed another bite. Her bladder almost popped as she shot up to her feet, yanking at the rod and frantically reeling. With one final swing of her arms, the sea creature at the end of her hook finally rose from the water.

“Woo! I did it!” she yelped.

Her parents cheered, her sister smiled. It didn’t matter that the fish was only as long as a pencil, she had finally caught one, which meant the urine in her bladder had finally earned its freedom.

The rest of Keri’s family reeled in their lines. Kassie and her father both pulled theirs out, but her mother seemed to be having some trouble.

“Ugh, I think my hook’s stuck to something on the bottom!” she gasped, yanking on the rod.

Finally, the line shot up, allowing her to reel in her line. At the end of the hook was a shiny object. A golden chain tangled around the hook, and a medallion hung from the end.

“Oh! What’s this?” exclaimed Keri’s mother, grabbing the mysterious locket.

A yellow amulet sat in the middle of the medallion pendant.

“Looks like you found some lost treasure!” replied the captain. “Maybe the gift shop will give you a pretty penny for that!”

“What? No, that’s a perfect souvenir, keep it mom!” shouted Kassie.

Their mother hesitated. “Oh, I don’t know..”

Their father untangled the chain and put it around her neck. “Kassie's right. It looks good on you!” Their mother blushed.

Keri smiled, but immediately refocused on her desperation. A 45-minute trek through the watery path back to the port still stood between Keri and the bathroom. Each time a wave struck the boat, Keri tensed her abdomen. A bit of sea spray splashed on the deck. In the chaos, Keri felt a leak escape.

Although only a drip, the warm trickle sent waves of panic coursing through her veins. She needed to go

Her pain must have been obvious. Her mother noticed. “Keri, dear, how are you holding up?”

Keri couldn’t hide it. She was visibly holding herself.

“I need to go now!” Her voice shook. “I think I can make it to the port, though.”

Her mind didn’t trust the words though. It felt as though a knife was stabbing her bladder. Any additional pressure would surely puncture it.

Finally, the boat slowed down. They reached the no wake in the bay. Keri almost felt relieved, but then she noticed the coastline was barely visible, and their boat seemingly lurched forward at a snail’s pace.

She thought about squatting off the deck, but several other port-bound boats surrounded them. They would surely notice a girl handing her bare behind off the deck.

“Oh a little bit of sea traffic ahead,” explained the captain. “It’s probably gonna be another half hour or more until we dock.”

Keri’s face transformed into an expression of pure dread. “I-I can’t hold it much longer,” Keri whimpered out loud.

Keri’s mother could read her daughter’s desperate discomfort.

“Oh, honey, I know you must be in a lot of pain. It’s ok if you just… let it go. The boat’s already pretty wet.”

A strange knot formed in Keri’s throat. She noticed the sun reflect off the amulet around her mother’s neck, causing a golden gleam to glow in her eye. She shut her eyelids, feeling a glob of tears flooding behind them.

“Really?” she asked through a choke-backed sob.

Her mother gently nodded.

“Yeah, it’s okay. No one will bat an eye - they’ll think you just got splashed by a wave. It’s no big deal.

Just relax.”

Keri’s sister and father nodded, as if assuring Keri they would not make fun of her.

The captain nodded. “Aye, ain’t nothing compared to what the sea water can do.”

Keri carefully considered the words. Her bulbous, ballooned bladder was about to burst any moment now. The waterproof benches lining the boat were already covered in droplets from splashes of seawater - another puddle would simply blend in with the already existing wetness. Her mother’s words echoed one last time inside her skull.

“Just let it go.”

And so Keri did. She slid her lip out from under her teeth, her ajar mouth expelling a light gasp as she relaxed her muscles and gave in to her body’s demands. A delicate, warm trickle burst through the cracks of the wall of 18-years’ worth of ingrained toilet training. The hot liquid soaked into her panties.

Keri flinched at the feeling of warmth pooling in her lap - but not in disgust. Rather, intrigue. Does this actually… feel good? Of course, the sensation of her bladder finally deflating and her tired, aching muscles relaxing did provide quite the ecstatic wave of relief. But the soothing stream flowing into her shorts added another layer to it. She shouldn’t be doing this - but she had no intent on stopping. Even as she let enough out to sustain her body’s needs, she continued to let the river flow. The fluid spread through the fabric of her shorts, caressing her flesh with each new trail of warm wetness. It poured beneath her so that her butt now sat in her own puddle. The tan material now glimmered a shiny dark brown. The entire time, Keri’s eyelids shut and her mouth fell open. She wanted to moan. The day’s hold finally released. In her pants. And she didn’t care.

Finally, it was finished. Her parents looked away, either ignoring or pretending to ignore what their daughter had just done with their permission.

Kassie, sitting across the deck from Keri, gazed at her sister with a look that could only be described as envy. Her thighs jostled slightly.

“Well I have to go too,” exclaimed Kassie. “Is it okay if I just go right here too?”

Their mother swiftly replied.

“Oh honey, If you can’t hold it anymore, then don’t feel like you have to. I don’t want you to hurt yourself! You can just let it go too, it’s okay.”

Keri thought she could notice another glare shine off her mother’s necklace.

Kassie crossed her arms and smiled, satisfied with her mother’s permission. She could probably hold it until they reached the dock, but after seeing her sister let go, she didn’t want to wait any longer. Her body remained motionless, but Keri could see a dark spot emerging on her sister’s olive shorts. Kassie’s chest sunk in as the spot grew, the wet material shining in the sunlight. It soon overflowed and drizzled off the edge of the bench, hitting the floor of the boat with a distinct splatter.

“Much better,” sighed Kassie.

Somehow, Keri didn’t think anything of it. The fact that her sister casually wet herself right in front of her did not phase her. Instead, Keri focused on the status of her own shorts. The warmth had cooled, but as she fanned her legs in and out to feel the wet fabric brush against her skin, the wetness still fascinated her.

The family docked nearly an hour later. There was no way Keri would have made it anyway. They drove bad to their hotel and enjoyed the rest of their family vacation. Keri did not feel any shame or embarrassment at the day’s events - she actually secretly enjoyed it. She continued replaying the entire boat trip in her head as she fell asleep.

== Sparks ==

The rest of the summer went quite well for Keri. Her high school boyfriend remained with her, despite her friends losing their partners over the months before college. Their times together proved exciting and wondrous - but somehow, nothing had struck Keri the same way since her wetting incident on the boat earlier in the summer. She thought back to that day often with much intrigue. However, she had not tried it again. In her memory, the girl wetting was someone else. After all, how could an 18-year-old almost college student be wetting her pants? But deep down inside, she secretly yearned for another chance. All it would take was a little push - and ounce of permission.

Soon the Fourth of July arrived. Keri’s boyfriend was off celebrating with his family, and likewise Keri attended a public firework show with her parents and sister. They sat amongst a crowded field in the local park. Keri’s jeans-covered legs crisscrossed atop her family's red and white checkered picnic blanket. A few feet of grass surrounded them; just past this green border stood a wall of lawn chairs, crowds of standing people, and other picnic blankets of families. The relatively cool summer evening provided an inviting atmosphere, coercing quite the numerous crowd to pack into the park grounds.

Her family had traversed through this sea of people before landing on the bare patch of land they now claimed as their own. Finding this tiny, open island took a while, however - long enough for Keri to notice a slight twinge in her bladder. However, her father and sister had just left to scout out the concession stand. They could be returning soon with food and drinks. Keri decided to wait until then.

She didn’t want to wait forever in line for the bathroom and come back to half-eaten cold food.

This decision slowly began to punch Keri in the bladder. She could feel it gradually inflating with each passing minute. Where were her sister and father? The large soda she downed on the way here was returning with a vengeance. What could be taking them so long? Keri stood up on her tippy-toes, hopping above the heads of people. Each successive jump gave her another second of examining the field. However, each hop also sent painful jolts to her abdomen. All the jumping revealed nothing but a crowded park. Almost no patch of grass was left uncovered. These people must think I’m crazy, jumping up and down thought Keri. 

Finally, however, Keri caught a glimpse of a roof. The concession stand! One more tense hop - she could see the backs of her sister and father’s heads - still behind nearly twenty people in line for the concessions. No way did Keri want to wait that long. She shifted her scouting strategy to instead search for the restrooms. Not much longer, she eyed another shingled rooftop. With a restroom sign. And a sprawling line spiraling around it. The realization of how long it would take to relieve herself drastically increased Keri’s need. She rammed her thighs together and tightened her muscles.

Her mother finally noticed her daughter’s frantic actions.

“Honey, is everything alright?”

Keri sat back down on the picnic blanket. Sitting down made the hold slightly easier.

“Oh nothing. Just looking for the bathrooms. And dad and Kassie.”

“Oh, how bad do you have to go? You can find a bathroom, I’ll hold our spot,” offered her mother.

“Oh I’m fine, I think I can just hold it for now,” replied Keri.

However, she instantly regretted her words. An explosive boom rang through the park, briefly silencing the crowd. The sudden bellow rattled Keri, and she lost control for a second. Her urine blasted towards the opening - but Keri squeezed the door shut in the nick of time. Still, one drop teetered on the edge, desperately desiring to drip out. Keri’s legs crossed over each other, twisting and tangling tightly.

“Looks like they’re lighting off some test fireworks. Not much longer till the show!” explained Keri’s mother.

The sun had begun to slowly set. Keri’s front teeth clamped down on her lower lip. Maybe once the firework show started, the bathroom line would clear up. She figured she could wait until then. But as the night grew darker, Keri began to get desperate. She attempted to stand up again to scout out the status of the restrooms and concession stand. But as soon as she stretched her abdomen, another sharp dagger of bladder-induced pain shot through her. She winced and sat back down. Just then, another loud boom pounded above her. The wall of people surrounding her talked and shouted. A family beside them lit sparklers. Children laughed and screamed in delight. Noise everywhere. Bulging bladder.

Piercing pain. Keri began to feel a sensory overload. She whimpered through her grimacing face.

Her mother noticed. “Keri, dear, is everything ok?”

Keri answered through gritted teeth. “I-I r-really need to pee.”

Her mother eyed the wall of bodies separating them from the restroom. She became aware of the impossibility of accessing the facilities in time, the inevitability of what was to come.

“Honey, just go right here. It’ll be okay.”

Shivers poked through Keri's chest. Her spine tingled.

“B-but the people. They’ll see..” protested Keri.

“No they won’t, they’ll be too busy watching the fireworks. Plus, it’s almost dark. Here, just sit in the grass and relax. It’ll be okay, just let it go. Just like the boat.”

Her mother’s caring words soothed Keri’s anxiety. She could swear she could see a glow, a spark, on her mother’s chest, despite the fact she had left the souvenir necklace at home. Perhaps it was just a stray spark from the nearby sparklers? Either way, Keri finally got the permission that she deep down desired.

She lifted herself up with her arms and shifted her body off the blanket and onto the grass. She stretched out her legs, crossed her ankles, and leaned back on her hands, fingers gripping the blades of glass. All the sounds around her vanished into void as she relaxed her entire body. Her fingers let go of the grass, the blades now lacing through her fingers. Her shoulders slumped. Her head tilted to the side.

The first trickle of urine raced out into freedom, absorbing into her panties. Keri exhaled. Another gush followed, saturated through the first layer of fabric before soaking into her jeans and drizzling down her inner thighs. This gush finally opened the gates. Soon Keri was full-on wetting herself. Warmth poured from her body and drenched the denim of her lap, the excess disappeared into the ground below. Keri moaned as the steaming fluid soaked her butt and traversed nearly to her knees.

Once it was finished, she examined the aftermath. She knew the underside of her was completely drenched, but it remained concealed as she sat on the grass. The top of her legs showed only a thin streak stretching from her lap to her knees - it would appear simply as a shadow to anyone who happened to glance down at her. Her crotch had transformed a navy blue over the cerulean denim, but

Keri hunched forward, blocking the view from any possibly observers. Overall, she was happy with her

‘accident.’ The lingering waves of euphoria brought her back to the boating incident. She liked it. She wanted to do it again. She was transformed.

Minutes later, Kassie and her father finally returned, donning nachos, a few burgers, fires, and drinks.

The family feasted just as the last bit of sunlight disappeared over the horizon. Kassie’s brow tilted upwards as she asked her sister,

“Why are you sitting in the grass?”

“Oh, it’s um, comfy,” fibbed Keri.

She didn’t want anyone to overhear the real reason. Kassie’s brow returned to its usual spot. She seemed convinced for now.

A loud boom and flash of light lit the night sky as the firework staff lit off the first rocket, signaling that the show was about to start. Just then, Kassie leaned over to her sister, whispering,

“Hey, where’s the restroom? I have to go so bad after waiting forever in line.”

Keri answered in a hushed tone. “It's too far and too packed. Mom just let me go here.”

“Right here?” Kassie questioned. “You mean, like, yourself?”

Keri nodded and opened her legs. Just then, a second firecracker flashed and illuminated the evidence in a brief flash. Kassie could see the fabric between her sister’s legs glistening. However, she did not tease her sister. Instead she appeared deep in thought. Another crackle lit up the sky. Bright colors spread above them as the show commenced. After a few more blasts, Kassie lifted herself off the blanket and crab-walked backwards off the blanket, resting her bottom on the grass. Her feet still sat on the blanket, and her knees bent to her chest. She then leaned towards her sister again and asked,

“Should I?”

Keri didn’t hesitate. “Yes, do it, it feels so much better.”

She surprised herself with the words. Telling her older sister to pee her pants? It felt as though someone else were saying it.

Still, Kassie heeded her younger sister’s advice.

“Ok. Here goes nothing.”

A trail of whistling light ascended above as Kassie began relaxing. As soon as the rocket burst into an explosion of light and color, Kassie’s piss blasted into her panties. The sizzling spray seeped through the layers and soaked into her jean shorts. As the warm gush continued, Kassie spread her legs slightly and glanced down, examining the sparkling wet patch rapidly expanding across the denim, and the excessive fluid cascading out of her shorts hems and into the grass. Another firecracker burst just as she moaned.

Once finished, she leaned towards her sister and whispered once more.

“I did it.”

Keri smiled. Her heart thumped in her chest, her brain feeling as though it were rising up into the sky with the fireworks. Both receiving and giving permission to wet in the same night granted her a strange high that she could not explain. A warmth blossomed in her chest. The drinks from the concession stand made her aware of a little bit of fluid left in her bladder. As the grand finale of multicolored explosions burst above, Keri released the last gush of urine, re-warming her now cooled jeans. She flinched in pleasure. Spellbound. Ignited.

== Movie Nights ==

-20 Years Later-

It all started the summer before senior year. Being one of the older students, Tori was already 18. She spent a lot of time with her parents, for they were young - not even 40 as they had her when they were only 18, although Tori had already decided to not follow in their footsteps. She sat with them in the living room of their fifth-floor apartment watching a movie. The activity had been her family’s nightly summer ritual. She reclined on the leather lounge chair, her parents on the couch. Both pieces of furniture were encased in a plastic cover to protect them, as their pet cat suffered a UTI. Besides the sound of plastic rustling when she adjusted, she could barely notice a difference when lounging in the chair. This was not the family’s only bathroom-related issue, however. Faulty plumbing issues had rendered both the toilets in their house useless. The plumbers needed to replace all of the sewage piping, so Tori and her parents had been using the next door neighbor’s house to shower and use the bathroom.

As she sat there, she began to notice a tingling in her bladder. She moved her jeans-covered legs back and forth to distract her body from the feeling, but the growing pressure refused to subside.

“Do you think I can use Mrs. Perry’s bathroom?” she asked her parents, trying to restrain any tones of discomfort from her voice.

Her mom answered, “Oh no, dear, it’s almost 10 pm, knowing her, she's definitely asleep by now.” Tori gulped, her shoulders tensing in a slight panic. “How bad do you have to go?” asked her mother.

“Pretty bad,” said Tori. She could realistically hold it for a while longer, but the bulging on her bladder proved too great to simply ignore.

“Do you think you can make it to the morning?” asked her mother.

Tori knew this would be near impossible. “No…” she uttered, shaking her head.

“Alright, then you can just go,” her mother stated.

Tori’s forehead crinkled in confusion. “Where?” she asked.

“Yourself,” her mother answered, rather matter-of-factly. After a brief pause, she reassuringly added,

“The chair is covered anyway, so don’t worry about that.”

The words struck Tori, doing little to ease her confusion. Were her parents really giving their 18-year-old daughter permission to wet her pants? She looked over at her father, his blank expression unfazed. Her mother’s poker face also showed little sign of worry. Surprised at their nonchalant attitude towards her predicament, she considered her mother’s offer to relieve herself right then and there, but decided against it. Instead Tori continued to hold on.

Thirty minutes later, still watching the movie, Tori’s bladder continued to balloon. Soon, her mother’s suggestion seemed more likely. Tori weighed her options - she could walk down five flights of stairs to get outside, but then what? Retreat to a city ally past 10 o’clock at night to squat amongst the trash?

Tori finally conceded, thinking to herself, “Oh what the heck. The couches are protected anyway, and there’s nowhere else to go.” With that, she relaxed and let go. At first, she flinched from the warm trickle escaping into her panties, but soon the feeling of relief sent tinges of pleasure and relaxation throughout her body. It felt weird letting the liquid go, soaking her jeans, but the warmth spread around her crotch and felt strangely comforting. The glow of the TV provided just enough light for Tori to see the dark patch expanding on her denim-covered lap, like a warm storm cloud materializing in the sky.

The release felt freeing, her aching muscles thanking her, throbbing with the pleasure of relief.

Tori sat in her warm puddle for the remainder of the movie, savoring the fact that she no longer needed to go. She kept her muscles relaxed, letting the few remaining spurts re-warm her. When the movie ended, her dad went to bed, but her mom stopped by her chair first. “Did you go?” she asked.

Tori nodded her head. “Yes, I went..” she squeaked, obviously embarrassed.

“It’s okay, honey. Accidents happen,” reassured her mother. "After all, I’ve had a couple this week when watching TV after you were in bed. Just be sure to wipe up the plastic with a towel!”

Tori suddenly understood why her parents appeared so nonchalant when telling Tori to relieve herself.

She knew her mother suffered a weak bladder, but by the carefree tone of her voice when recalling her own accidents, this told Tori that it must have been a frequent event for her mother, or at least occur often enough for both of her parents to have grown accustomed to it. With this comforting reassurance in her mind, Tori bode her mother goodnight and wiped up the plastic-covered chair with a towel and spray cleaner.

The next night played out similarly. School wouldn’t start for a few more weeks, so Tori continued to stay up late and watch movies with her parents. Her body’s bathroom schedule also remained consistent, as she soon felt the familiar urge pressing below. She asked her parents if Mrs. Perry was awake, to which they answered no. This prompted Tori to ask in a nervous voice, “Can I just go here again?”

Her mother immediately answered, “Of course honey. You don’t even have to ask, just go if you need to go.”

Tori approved of the answer, for she secretly looked forward to getting to have another ‘accident.’ She relaxed, her heart already pumping with excitement. She felt the first burst escape, warming her panties. Unlike last night, tonight she wore her sweatpants-shorts, which she figured would not hold as much liquid. Therefore, she decided to instead slowly release, one spurt at a time. This prolonged the pleasure, for as soon as the wetness of the last spurt began to cool, she would let out another burst, rewarming her crotch. She noticed the light gray fabric of her shorts turn a darker gray, almost black. She continued releasing slowly throughout the movie, until finally the credits rolled and her parents went to bed. Before getting up, she released the rest of her bladder, sighing as the warm stream encased her entire crotch, hips, and butt in a soothing, relieving embrace.

This became her naughty habit for the next few days. The next night she wore a pair of snug leggings which hugged her thighs and calves tightly and perfectly. She could hardly wait for tonight’s movie to begin. As the opening credits rolled, she immediately started releasing the warm trickle into her pants.

Although the black fabric did not change color, they held the warmth around her legs, crotch, and butt, and they did turn quite shiny, reflecting in the faint light of the TV. After the movie ended and her parents went to bed, Tori again emptied the rest of her bladder, leaning back in the chair to let the warmth spread down her legs further. Tori then saw her mother return with a towel, and she started to wipe up the couch where she and Tori's father had been sitting. Tori was shocked, as she had not actually witnessed one of her mother’s accidents and was unaware that she too wet herself during the movie. Before saying goodnight, her mother offered her the towel. “Do you need this too, honey?”

Tori felt a gulp drop down her throat. She did not tell her parents about tonight’s ‘accident,’ but her mother seemed to correctly assume it still happened anyway. Tori nodded her head and took the towel, sopping up her own puddle. The wiping routine now seemed normal, reinforced by her mother’s own accident and carefree acknowledgment of Tori’s accidents. If this was the new normal, Tori oddly enjoyed it.

As the days went on, Tori continued her wet habit, experimenting with different bottoms each night.

One night she wore her red athletic shorts, this time deciding to hold until halfway through the movie to enjoy the feeling of relieving pressure. She strongly enjoyed this, and so the following night she actually started drinking more water starting around noon without using the neighbor’s bathroom, holding in preparation for the nightly movie. This time she wore her tight-fitting white jeans, flooding them in a warm torrent, the relief of a half-day hold sending relaxing waves of pleasure rippling through her body.

The white material had become transparent, providing her with a clear glimpse of her moist panties underneath. Another night she forwent the desperate holding, instead opting to deliberately push the warm stream into a pair of her pink khaki short-shorts.

On the last night of her movie wetting streak, Tori was shocked to feel a warm trickle enter her plaid pajama bottoms, completely without her intent. Was this an actual accident? Her body must have grown to associate the movies with release. Nonetheless, she welcomed the warm stream, and actually pushed it to keep it going. During a few of these wet nights, she saw her mom return with a towel and spray to clean up her own remnants. Her mom would always offer Tori the towels and cleaning spray, while carelessly proclaiming “Another day, another accident.” Tori loved her and her mother’s attitude towards the situation, the carefree treatment of what had become just another part of their daily routine.

About a week of this wet movie watching had passed, and the plumbers had finally fixed the pipes in the apartment. Tori had actually felt slightly disappointed, having come to enjoy her nightly accident. Oh well, she thought, all good things must come to an end. After all, she was running low on clean clothes.

However, the plastic coverings remained on the couches, this knowledge still creeping in the back of her mind. On the first night with usable toilets, she instead again opted to secretly release as she sat on the chair and watched the movie, the familiar warmth spreading through her jean shorts. After the movie,

Tori was surprised to see her mom again carrying a towel and spray cleaner. Her mom also seemed shocked to see Tori still sitting in the chair. However, the ease returning to her voice, her mom admitted, “I know the toilets are fixed, but sometimes it’s just easier to go where you are.” Tori sat with her mouth slightly agape as her mother cleaned up. “Do you need this too, honey?” Somehow she correctly guessed that her daughter had also skipped the bathroom. When Tori cautiously accepted, her mother affectionately uttered, “Like mother like daughter.”

Sometime of ‘secret’ wetting later, the family cat’s medication seemed to finally kick in, as it began to exclusively use the litter box. Tori’s dad removed the plastic coverings from the furniture. This served as the true ending to Tori’s nighttime movie accidents, which upset her, but ultimately she realized that she should probably renormalize her body’s behavior, especially as school was starting soon. She wondered if her mother would have left the plastic coverings over the couches if her dad never removed them. However, with or without the protection, this would not be Tori’s last time indulging in her habit.

== Vacation: Car Accident ==

Tori’s next indulgence would take a while, however. Her family decided to book a family vacation over her fall break. They chose the beach as their destination, but opted to drive instead of fly in order to save on money. The length of the drive clocked in at about 13 hours, and to cut down on time her father insisted that they minimize bathroom breaks.

Concern somehow did not enter Tori’s mind until a couple hours into the trip. The family stopped at a restaurant to grab some food and drinks, while also serving as one of their limited restroom breaks. Tori didn’t really need to go, but nonetheless did just in case, only managing to squeeze out a few drops before the family returned to the car. Another half hour of driving passed and the large soda Tori ordered seemed to have already slipped its way down into her bladder. She decided to put this off and hold it so as not to upset her dad, especially since they had stopped fairly recently. However, as her bladder bulged and pressure below pounded, Tori decided to speak up. She tapped her mother’s shoulder, hoping she could soften the blow. “Hey mom… I, uh, need to go,” she whispered.

However, her mother did not return a whisper.

“Aw honey, do you have to go badly?” She asked loudly.

Tori felt the pressure building. She nodded her head. Her mother’s concerned eyes emanated reassurance.

“I kinda have half to go too,” her mother said, before tapping her husband’s shoulder.

Having obviously overhead, her father sighed, doing little to hide his frustration,

“Ok dear, would you like me to pull over at the next rest stop for the both of you?”

They drove down a barren highway, no signs of a rest stop near. However, Tori was still shocked to hear her mother’s answer.

“Ummm…,” she said, pausing as if to think before answering, “No, don’t worry about it dear. We’ll just go in our pants.”

To anyone else, it may seem like a bitingly sarcastic joke, but coming from Tori’s mother, both Tori and her father knew the proposition was serious. Her father nodded his head in nonverbal understanding.

Tori’s mother turned back towards her.

“Honey, can you reach behind in the trunk and grab two beach towels from the beach bag?”

Tori froze, her heart pounding in her chest. She had not had an ‘accident’ in months, since the streak of voluntarily wetting late last summer when their plumbing was shot. Yet, here she was again, presented with the opportunity again from her own mother. She did not know how to feel about this, but she still reached back and grabbed the towels, figuring it was more precautionary than anything.

“Good, honey. Fold one and put it on your seat, and here, I’ll take the other one,” instructed her mother.

Tori obeyed, sitting atop the towel, but still holding on, squeezing her tense muscles. She watched as her mother positioned her own towel underneath her on the passenger seat. She then turned around to face Tori, saying,

“Ok honey. You can let it go now.”

Tori stared back at her blankly.

“Umm, I think I can hold it a little longer Mom…” claimed Tori, although she herself did not know if she was telling the truth, as she fidgeted in her seat.

It was easy to let go on the protected couches, but doing so in the car felt strange, even for Tori.

However, her mother persisted.

“Honey, I can tell you’re uncomfortable. Trust me, I know. Just relax. It’ll feel so much better.”

Her mother’s soothing voice prompted Tori to imagine the soothing relief if she were to simply let go into her khaki shorts. The adrenaline pumped in her veins. She closed her eyes and relaxed. A soft, warm trickle dribbled into her panties. Tori gasped in utter relief as she let the soft trickle increase into a steady stream, warming her crotch. The warmth soothed her skin as it flowed over her lap and towards her butt , pooling beneath her. Some of the liquid absorbed into her shorts while the rest soaked into the towel. She could see the dark brown patch on her lap expand against the tan fabric of her shorts.

She shuttered in the pleasure of relief.

The look on her face must have been obvious, as her mother smiled and said,

“Good job honey, I bet you feel so much better now!”

She was right. Tori leaned back in her seat, enjoying the pulsating ecstasy that pumped through her. Her soothing thoughts were soon interrupted by her mother’s words,

“Alright, my turn.”

Tori was shocked to see her mother turn around and lean back in her seat, letting out an airy sigh of relief. Although her mother had suffered accidents in front of Tori before, this was the first time that

Tori knew of it as it happened.

“That feels so much better,” she uttered.

Familiar feelings reemerged with Tori, feelings of normalcy for these purposeful accidents. She remembers the not-so-distant time when their plumbing broke and she indulged in such behaviors regularly, and she again yearned for that past. They stopped a couple hours later to refill gas. Tori and her mother put their wet towels in a trash bag in the trunk before going inside to change in the bathrooms. Tori exited the bathroom, having replaced her khaki shorts with a pair of blue jeans, coincidentally the same pair that she first wet in months prior.

Tori’s next opportunity would occur on the same trip. This time, the family had grown much closer to their destination, only about 2 hours left of the 13-hour drive. She had drunk a couple water bottles since their last stop, the nearly-full water now yearning for escape. The bulging pressure on her bladder had built up again. She looked ahead at her mother, in hopes of alerting her to her predicament, but her mother’s head rested on the window, her eyes closed in a deep sleep. A sense of dread billowed inside

Tori's stomach. Not wanting to awaken her mother meant that her only option was to ask her father.

This prospect scared her, as she did not want to make him stop again. She squeezed her hands onto her crotch and fidgeted in her seat. Her father’s eyes moved towards the rear view mirror, taking notice of his daughter’s discomfort.

“You okay, dear?” he asked.

Having her father’s attention now, she figured there was no sense in lying.

“I really need to go…” she shyly admitted.

He replied, “Well we only have a couple hours, and I was hoping we could make it there without stopping again. Do you think you can hold it until then?”

Tori felt her muscles pulsing with tension, her bladder begging for release.

“I, uh, I don’t know…” she whimpered. “Maybe…?” she added, although she knew this probably wasn’t true.

She saw her dad’s eyebrows furl in the rear-view mirror, as if contemplating what he was going to say next.

He sighed, before telling her, “You can just go in your pants again.”

Tori’s heart skipped a beat. She had received her mother’s permission to wet herself before, and while her dad never objected, she had not yet received explicit verbal confirmation from him regarding the matter. His words echoed in her head as she focused on the tightness of her crotch. After a minute, she softly replied,

“Ok...”

She reached back into the beach bag, grabbing the third towel and place it underneath her. As she sat there, her legs wrapped in the snug but comfy jeans and sitting atop the towel, Tori hesitated. She took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and pictured running water cascading down a rocky ledge into a pool below. She relaxed her muscles and just let it flow. The warm liquid trickled out, delightfully soaking her panties, the wet fabric caressing her aching crotch. Pure relief overtook her. Warmth flowed over her legs, dribbling down around her hips, and gently poured down towards her butt. Her blue jeans turned navy around her lap, and she enjoyed viewing the familiar change in color spread as she released more of the hot liquid.

She felt naughty, but relieved. She moved her legs up and down in her seat, taking in the sensation of liquid spreading up and down her thighs. She even shifted her butt in the seat to bask in the aftermath of her release. Wanting to prolong the experience, she grabbed another water from their travel cooler and began to gulp it down. For the rest of the trip, Tori continued sipping water and letting go whenever the slightest urge hit. Knowing how fleeting these moments were, she decided to soak it in whenever she could.

== Vacation: Arrival ==

Finally, they arrived at the hotel. Tori still wore her jeans, still damp from the trip, unable to find a chance to change before walking inside. She grabbed as much luggage from the car as she could in hopes that the bags would cover up or distract from any visible damage on her jeans. Fortunately, they did not run past anyone on their way up the elevator and to their room. When they arrived, Tori was surprised to find that she had her own separate room, as she previously thought it would be connected to her parents’. Happy and excited to have some privacy, she waltzed in her room and set down her luggage onto her bed for the week. Hearing a knock, she looked towards the door to see her mother enter the room.

“Hey honey! I hope you’re excited to have your own room!”

Tori of course expressed her surprised delight. Her mother gave her a brief rundown of the amenities before explaining where to meet them for dinner. Before she walked out, she stopped in her steps.

“Oh I forgot one more thing! You can flip over this card on your door handle. That’ll alert the cleaning staff to collect your bedding for the laundry. They’ll wash your sheets, so you don’t have to worry about any accidents,” explained her mother, motioning towards Tori’s still obviously-damp jeans with a smirk.

Tori also noticed a prominent dark patch on the front of her mother’s khaki capris, revealing that she too had another ‘accident’ on the road trip.

“Alright, I’m going to go change, see you soon!” her mother said.

As her mother exited the room, Tori felt a flutter in her chest. Her mother had acknowledged her

‘accident,’ and even suggested that she could do it again, freely in her hotel room, for the entirety of vacation. Adrenaline rushed through Tori, as endless options poured through her head. Firstly, she needed to get ready for dinner, and in order to do that she needed to clean up. A naughty idea entered her mind, already wanting to take advantage of her situation. She headed towards the shower fully clothed, but did not yet turn on the water. 

Instead, she relaxed, emptying the rest of her bladder into her jeans. The cooling dampness transformed into another warm soak. This was the first time she went standing up. The warm, soothing release felt the same, but this time gravity pulled the hot stream down her pants legs, wrapping her legs in a warm embrace. Delicate drips raced down her thighs and calves, leaving behind a darkened wet path on the denim. The puddle pooled around her bare feet before retreating into the drain. She felt the hot puddle tickle her toes. The standing release filled Tori’s body with euphoria, and her knees shook, nearly buckling in pleasure.

Still clothed in her light gray T shirt and jeans, she turned the shower nozzle, letting the steaming water pour over her body. The water soaked her shirt, causing it to cling to her skin in a warm, wet hug. She noticed how it changed to a darker gray as it shined in the light. The water then continued flowing downwards, soaking into her jeans, the denim metamorphosing into a shiny navy blue and wrapping around her legs. It felt similar to the warmth of wetting herself - only without the relief of release. She stood in the scalding stream, savoring the sensation of her soaked clothes swaddling her, before peeling them off and cleaning up. She then changed into a pair of white khaki shorts and a short-sleeved red blouse before heading to dinner.

Tori returned to her room, full from a delicious dinner and drinks. She actually felt a little buzzed - her parents let her drink a couple glasses of wine at dinner, and the waiter did not even bother to card her.

She hadn’t used the bathroom yet, and although her panties were already wet from a few intentional leaks, the wine in her mind told her to keep holding for now. She changed into a pair of gray sweatpants shorts and a baggy white T-shirt to sleep in. She then crawled into bed and turned on the TV, ready to enjoy a movie by herself. The urge to relieve herself continued. The pressure pounded her bulging bladder. She glanced at the bathroom, but decided to stay. Her heart began to thump in her chest. 

She had never gone in an unprotected place before, much less a bed. The naughtiness excited her however, and paired with the impending pressure of her bladder, both feelings proved too strong to ignore. As she sat up, leaning against the headboard, she relaxed her muscles, and let a slow trickle drip into her panties. She froze for a second, pausing again to realize what she was doing. However, again her feelings took over - the combined rebelliousness, laziness, pressure, and taste of release all pushed her to continue. Again she relaxed, continuing the trickle, warming her crotch. 

The liquid spread and poured over her lap, soaking into the sheets below. She loved it. She pushed her muscles, letting the force of the warm stream increase, gushing around her hips and soaking more of the bed. Waves of pleasure caused from both the warm release and notion of breaking the rules coursed through her. She continued letting go until the movie ended, and then rolled over to the other dryer side of the bed before drifting off to sleep.

When Tori awoke, she again felt a tinge on her bladder. All snuggled up in her fluffy comforter, she felt no desire to get up. The slight dampness of her shorts remained from the night prior, so she thought to herself, “might as well just let go.” And so she did. She let the liquid re-wet her shorts, the release warming her crotch and butt and the surrounding area of sheets. Some of the liquid actually soaked into the comforter, and some pooled over the sheets, soaking into the lower half of her T-shirt. She basked in her snuggled warmth, enjoying the naughty relief. When the wetness began to cool, she decided it was time to get up. It was then she heard a knock on her door, followed by the beeping of a key card and her mother’s voice saying

“It’s time to get up honey!”

Panicking, Tori rushed to the bathroom and closed the door. Her wet clothes from the car trip and night prior were still hanging over the shower door. She stripped off her pajamas, draped them over the shower as well, and wrapped a towel around her, pretending to exit the shower. Upon leaving the restroom, she was met with her mother, who had already barged into her room. 'So much for privacy,'

Tori thought to herself. Her mother explained that her and Tori’s father were about to head to the beach. Tori said she would be ready to join them in 10 minutes, to which her mother responded,

“Alright we’ll wait for you!”

Then, before walking out, she glanced towards Tori’s bed.

“Did you have an accident last night?” she questioned, obviously noticing the dark patch on the sheets.

Tori reluctantly nodded her head.

“It’s ok honey, I did too. I gave your father quite the surprise this morning! Just remember to flip the cleaning tab on your door!”

With that she left, and a jolt shocked Tori. Had her mother also purposefully taken advantage of this situation? As these thoughts entertained her head, Tori quickly washed off in the shower and changed into her black bikini, wearing a pair of jean shorts and an old yellow T-shirt as a cover-up. She grabbed a water bottle from the mini-fridge before exiting her room.

"Gotta refill," she thought to herself.

== The Vacation ==

Tori sat in the warm sand, her toes digging through the soft grains. She drank from her large tumbler of lemonade. Her parents sat beside her in beach chairs, watching the waves crash. Tori preferred to just sit in the bare sand, as they had lounge chairs at home. She still wore her yellow T-shirt and jean shorts over her swimsuit to protect her relatively pale skin from the sun.

As the hot rays beat down upon Tori and her tumbler of lemonade now emptied, she noticed the slight urge to use the restroom. She eyed up and down the beach, but didn’t see anything.

“Mom, are there bathrooms on the beach? Or do I need to go all the way back to my room?” asked Tori.

Her mother also scanned up and down the coastline, coming to the same conclusion.

“I don’t know honey, I don’t see anything…”

Tori decided she would just hold it for now and decide what to do later. She figured she could always just go in the water if needed.

Tori’s father eventually decided the sun had heated him enough, and rose from his chair to join the waves. When he walked out of earshot, Tori’s mother turned towards Tori and said,

“If you still have to go, it may just be easier to have an ‘accident’ right where you are. You could then wash off in the water and no one would know!”

The suggestion piqued Tori’s interest, but also confused her. Why would her mother tell her to go right where she was instead of in the water? Did she know of Tori’s interest? Her mother then stood up to join Tori’s father in the waves. Tori noticed a drop fall from her mom’s swimsuit bottoms, then she glanced over at her mom’s chair to see a puddle pooled on the seat.

With that, Tori made her decision. She leaned back, her arms supporting behind her, her knees bent and legs slightly spread, and relaxed. “This is the life,” she thought, as she lounged on the beach and let the warm liquid freely trickle into her bikini bottoms and jean shorts. The nearest beach neighbors were only about 20 feet away, but since most people were wet from the ocean, no one would think twice.

Tori continued to let the stream soak through the fabric and into the sand below her. She felt the sea breeze flow across her face as she closed her eyes and savored the sweet release.

Tori sipped on another lemonade, already preparing for the next release. The hot sun had already started to dry her shorts. Still, as beads of sweat started to form on her skin, she decided it was finally time to get in the water. She stood up and approached the water to test its temperature, the cool salty seafoam flowing over her feet. Instead of turning around to remove her clothes, she took another step forward. The thoughts of her clothed shower flowed through her head, how strange but freeing it felt.

She took another step further, the waves now splashing against her knees. Another step, and the salty sea reached her mid thighs, the waves nipping at the hem of her jean shorts. No going back now, she thought, proceeding with another step. The water now soaked into her shorts, the light blue denim turning a dark navy and shining in the sun. The water rose, soaking the tail of her shirt, as it turned to a darker yellow and clung to her stomach. She then bent her knees and submerged up to her shoulders.

Her T-shirt now floated freely around her, tickling her skin.

After some time swimming in the sea in her clothes, Tori’s bladder had filled up enough again for her to release for a second time. Hidden in the water, free of wet spots or puddles, this proved much easier.

She relaxed and released, the relief still feeling exquisite, but the sensation did not linger quite as long as the ocean currents quickly dispersed the warm cloud. The naughtiness and excitement of seeing the color-changing patch were also absent. Despite enjoying the feeling of her wet clothes flowing around her and the secret release, Tori still preferred to have her ‘accidents’ on dry land. Nonetheless, she still enjoyed the rest of her beach day, especially when emerging from the ocean with her clothes clung tightly to her body, highlighting every curve. Her black bikini top peaked through the nearly see-through yellow shirt plastered to her skin. She noticed heads turn away from bikini-clad beach goers to instead focus on her. Her parents didn’t seem to question it, at least any more than her accidents. Tori basked in her unique form of beauty as she returned to lounge on the sand.

After the beach was dinner again. Tori returned to her room to find a fresh set of sheets on her bed - a blank canvas. However, that would have to wait for now, as she needed to freshen up for dinner. She stripped off her damp beach clothes and hung them on the shower. A twinge of guilt hit her as she observed the amount of wet clothes hanging in her shower - and it hadn't even been two full days.

However, this shame morphed inside her, festering into another naughty idea. She changed into tonight’s dinner clothes: a pair of clean black khaki shorts and a cute pink top. She went about her usual routine of applying make-up and straightening her hair. By the time she was finished, a familiar urge returned to her bladder. Without even questioning it, she let go, releasing the warm stream into her clean shorts. The droplets dribbled down her bare legs and puddled at her feet on the bathroom floor.

‘Now I’m ready,’ she said to herself, shaking off her feet and slipping them into her evening sandals. She proceeded to join her family for dinner, no one aware of the secret wetness hidden by the black fabric of her shorts in the dark of night.

Tori returned to her room, her brain again slightly buzzed and her bladder again full from several sips of wine. As she peeled off her clothes and added yet another wet pair of bottoms to the overflowing shower rack, reality struck. Her supply of clean panties and shorts had dwindled. Perhaps she should be a little more conservative. With that, Tori pulled her gray pajama bottoms from the prior night off the rack, mostly dried but still every-so-slightly moist. She slid them on, turned on the TV, laid down in bed, and commenced her deliberate leaks. The now-dry fabric was reintroduced to the familiar warm wetness. She felt her eyelids grow heavier and heavier with each warm spurt. The relaxation quickly lulled her to sleep.

Tori woke up damp, but not damp enough - she let the remaining contents of her morning bladder spill out, a warm welcome to the new day. The warmth spread past her knees and nearly crept to her upper back. She rolled over in her puddle and allowed the front of her shirt to share in the sheet's wetness.

She finally emerged from the bed, soaked up to her chest in her own warmth.

Today, her family decided to change things up and swim at the hotel pool. Tori wore her pink bikini with her red athletic shorts and a blue T-shirt over the top. Thinking about how good it felt to swim with her clothes in the sea, and also the nearly full-body soak of the morning's bedwetting, Tori had already decided she wouldn’t remove her shirt and shorts before entering the pool, despite her dwindling supply of dry clothes. Sure enough, as soon as her family set their stuff down to claim a chair, she walked over to the stairs and slowly descended into the water one step at a time in all of her clothes.

Tori observed the feeling as the water slowly soaked up into her shorts and shirt. She swam around in pure bliss.

Hours passed. Tori got out of the pool and laid out on a chair to dry out in the sun before lunch.

However, she had not yet relieved herself since coming to the pool, and her bladder was begging for relief. She eyed the pool bathrooms, but hesitated, as the thought of gross, sticky floors and toilet seats did not comfort her. She knew her clothes were still dripping which would effectively disguise another accident, but the pool was more tightly packed than the beach, and the thought of letting go in front of all these people slightly scared her. She saw her mom walking towards her from the direction of the bathrooms. Maybe she could help Tori decide.

“Did you go to the bathrooms?” asked Tori.

Her mother, wearing her beachy floral tourist shirt and just-above-the-knee khaki shorts, answered

“I walked in but was too grossed out. They were disgusting! I just went in my pants instead.”

It was then Tori noticed the large wet spot completely covering the front of her mother’s shorts and the droplets etched onto her legs.

“You’re already wet dear, no one would notice if you just had an accident here too.”

This was all the permission Tori needed. Without further hesitation, she released, the warm liquid contrasting against the cool wetness of pool water still soaked in her shorts and bikini bottom. Both her and her mother were right, no one batted an eye, as Tori’s pre-wet attire provided adequate cover. She relaxed on the chair, lost in the moment as she let go without a single soul noticing. The soothing sound of her trickle pattered on the concrete below. She kept up her clandestine accidents for the rest of the day.

Tori continued to wet whenever she had to for the duration of the vacation. Whether lounging on the beach, at the pool, or in her hotel room, she would simply let go - although she still remained discreet enough as to not draw attention. She hadn’t even used the bathroom to pee once. By the fourth day, she had already exhausted nearly all of her clean bottoms and panties, down to a single pair of gray leggings.

This wouldn’t stop Tori.

Already squirming from holding the last couple hours at the beach, Tori returned to her room quite desperate. She grabbed the leggings and ran to the bathroom. Shaking and dancing, she limped to the toilet, further teasing and torturing her aching muscles. She pulled off her moist jean shorts while squeezing shut her bladder. Quickly, she hopped into the leggings, slipping them over her calves and up her thighs. As soon as her fingers released the waistband, she released her bladder. She let out an airy exhale as the pleasure of relief coursed through her veins. The warmth immediately soaked entirely around her crotch and butt. The leggings turned nearly black, shining in the reflected sunlight pouring into her room from the window. A wide puddle sprawled beneath her on the tiled floor. Any remaining guilt transformed into a naughty pleasure as she absorbed the fact that she had just wet her last pair of clean panties and pants.

"Oh well," thought Tori. She still had a couple clean shirts at least. However, this thought only fueled another mischievous idea. After all, one of her few remaining clean T-shirts currently hung from her shoulders. With that, she crouched down, sitting on the floor in her own puddle. She laid down with her back on the floor, letting the fabric of her shirt absorb the puddle. She then sat up as her warm, wet shirt clung to the flesh of her back. She turned around and flipped over onto her stomach, again lowering her body to the floor and soaking up the remainder of the puddle with the front of her shirt.

Tori then stood up and looked in the mirror. Her shirt and leggings were both darkened from her warm puddle of piss. It appeared as if she had just taken a shower. she thought it seemed like a good idea as she hopped into the shower and let the scalding stream rinse off her trembling body.

For the last couple days, she continued her habit of freely wetting, having resorted to wearing whatever clothes draped over the shower door seemed at least semi-dry. Tori didn’t want this vacation to end.

However, soon the last day came, and Tori packed her bags in sadness, sluggishly stuffing her suitcase full with her damp clothing. The long drive home would actually cheer her up, though. Before she sat down in the car, her mother handed her a beach towel.

“Here honey. To get home faster, we’re not stopping for bathroom breaks. Just set this on your seat and go when you have to. I’m doing the same thing.”

Tori’s heart beat in excitement. She would get to extend her vacation just a little bit longer.

It seemed like she was constantly wetting for the first few hours. As soon as the slightest tingle hit her bladder, Tori would let it go. Her pink khaki shorts and matching panties never got a chance to dry.

Towards the middle of the trip, she decided to have some fun and hold it for a bit. She downed water from their travel cooler, letting the pressure build up. Every squeeze of her bulging bladder excited her since she knew she would be letting it all flow soon enough. Once the floodgates could barely handle another drop of pressure, she relaxed, releasing the warm torrent, soaking every inch of her shorts and skin around her lap. She did one more hold-then-release before just letting out gradual spurts the rest of the way home. In Tori’s mind, it was the perfect end to an unforgettable vacation.

== SHOPPING ==

Tori and her mother decided to go Christmas shopping. They went to the mall, hopping from store to store, each of their shopping bags growing heavier with each stop. Another pressure was growing too, however. Tori realized she hadn’t used the restroom all day. She brought her predicament to her mother, and the both of them walked towards the restroom, only to be greeted by unwelcoming signs of yellow caution tape. Apparently a piping issue rendered these water closets useless. The closest working bathroom sat all away on the other side of the mall, most likely including a long line amongst the crowded shopping frenzy.

“Can you hold it a little longer?” asked her mother.

Tori nodded, although she wasn’t sure how much longer.

“Let’s go to this store really quick,” instructed her mother.

They walked in, and she asked the clerk to unlock the changing rooms for them. A wave of confusion hit

Tori, they had not yet selected any clothes to try on. However, her perplexation was soon solved. Her mother reached inside her purse and dug out two pads.

“Here,” she offered, “I have two emergency pads. You take one and I take one. It can help hide if we have an accident.”

Tori understood. She grabbed one of the pads and walked into the changing room. She inserted into her panties and pulled up her jeans. Her mother did the same.

As they walked a few feet outside of the store, Tori began to fidget, walking slowly, as each step put additional pressure on her aching bladder. Her mom took notice.

“Honey, just go in your pants. The pad will help.”

Tori’s heart pounded. She had not had an accident in public yet, besides during vacation when she was already wet from the pool or seawater or cloaked by night. The thought scared Tori - what if someone noticed?

“Tori, relax and let go, it’ll feel better,” her mom again urged.

The permission allowed Tori to give in. She relaxed her aching muscles and just let it happen. The warm liquid gushed out, immediately soaking into her pad. The relief felt amazing. The hot stream continued pouring until Tori could feel a little soak into her jeans. She squeezed to stop the stream, not wanting it to show. She looked down to see only a tiny wet patch. This release relieved enough pressure for now.

“See, isn’t that better?” chided her mother.

Tori did indeed feel better, and quite naughty, having gone in public without anyone noticing. They continued shopping, and Tori continued to release small spurts when the pressure became uncomfortable. She could only assume her mother did the same, as she stopped every so often and stared into space before continuing onward. They both entered another store, and Tori’s leaks became more confident as she released more and more into her jeans. Tempting fate, she allowed her leaks to last daringly longer. Soon she got lost in the warmth and release, unaware of the dark patch spreading on the front of her crotch and down her legs.

“Honey! You maybe took it a tad too far,” giggled her mother.

Tori gazed downward at her obvious wet spot, frozen in her tracks, her eyes widening in fear.

“It’s okay honey, we’re in a store, we’ll just replace those wet pants!”

Tori picked out a pair of black slim-fit jeans, constantly looking over her shoulder to make sure no one saw her. Her mother, admiring the style, also picked up a pair of the jeans. They approached the cashier and rang up the items. Her mother then asked the cashier if they could use the changing rooms.

“We could use those rooms now, if you could. One of us has had a little accident!”

Tori looked the other way, dodging eye contact with the smirking cashier. Pangs of embarrassment struck her. Did her mother really just give her up? However, when her mother turned around, these thoughts of betrayal subsided. Her mother’s jeans had also grown dark and shiny with wetness. She was talking about herself.

“Looks like I made the same mistake,” chuckled her mother.

With that, they both changed into their new jeans and left the store.

== SHOPPING 2 ==

After perusing through the clothes they had bought yesterday, Tori and her mother decided to go back to the mall to return some of the items. Tori looked forward to this. Not only did she enjoy shopping, but another day with just her mother could possibly lead to more permissible accidents. Tori had tasted the thrill of a public wetting yesterday, and she strangely craved more. She hoped her mother would bring it up, but growing impatient, Tori herself decided to hint at the possible situation instead.

“Should we bring the pads again?” squeaked Tori nervously.

It was always her mother who suggested their accidents, so Tori felt a little weird being the one to bring it up this time.

“No, I have a better idea,” responded her mother. “Go change into those black jeans we bought yesterday.”

Tori returned, changed into her new pants, only to see her mother sporting the same pair.

“These pants are black, so they should hide any accidents!” chimed her mother.

The idea thrilled Tori even more than the pads.

Tori and her mother drove to the mall. Upon pulling into the parking lot, Tori could already feel her blood pumping in anxious anticipation. They shopped for about an hour before Tori felt a tinge tugging at her bladder. She desperately wanted to let go, but without the protective pads providing a layer of defense, she felt nervous. “Can I just go..? She anxiously asked her mom.

“Oh yes dear, just relax and don’t even think about it, no one can tell. I’ve already been going!” admitted her mother.

To Tori’s surprise, she could make out the faintest shine of wetness on her mom’s pants, virtually unnoticeable unless someone was specifically looking for it. Knowing that, Tori’s nervousness was replaced with comfort. She relaxed her muscles, letting the warmth trickle into her panties and down her legs, soaking into the black fabric. The rush felt invigorating. She looked down at her pants. She could make out the every-so-slight distinction of her growing wet patch, but she knew it remained relatively unnoticeable to a passing shopper. A rebellious aura flowed through Tori’s body. She continued to release, unbeknownst to the other shoppers. She felt free.

After some more leaking and shopping, Tori noticed her bladder was empty. She tried to push, but nothing came out. Wanting to prolong this experience, she asked her mother

“Can we grab a soda?”

“Sure good idea,” agreed her mother. “After all, I could use a refill,” she said with a wink, brushing her hand on her legs.

This not-so-subtle hint all but confirmed to Tori that her mother enjoyed this as much as she did, and that perhaps these were never really ‘accidents’ in the first place. Sharing in the experience did start to feel a little weird to Tori, but she just brushed it off for now. Both mother and daughter refilled their bladders with a large soda, continuing to voluntarily leak the soothing warm trickles into their pants as they shopped.

When they finished shopping and returned to the car, Tori’s mother stopped her for a second.

“Wait a second. We don’t wanna have an accident in the car since we don’t have towels. Let’s just let the rest go right here.”

Tori agreed. The both of them stood between the cars and emptied their bladders, their pants completely saturated with warmth from top to bottom. The wet fabric glistened in the sunlight, their legs looking as though painted with shiny black gloss. A wet trail trickled down the parking lot. Tori knew at this point the act was no longer completely hidden, but she did not see anyone else walking in the parking lot. Even if she did, she honestly did not care at this point. If she wanted to go, then she could. With that, Tori squished her wet butt against the car seat and rode home with her mother.

Although enjoying the feeling of her soaked pants wrapping around her hips and legs as she sat in the car, Tori felt a little off. Despite receiving permission, emotions of shame and guilt dug through her back and burrowed into her spine. She still enjoyed the free wetting - but sharing the experience so directly with her mother, especially in a public setting, began to prove a little too strange for Tori. It would not be until next semester that she would indulge again.

== The Field Trip ==

“Alright everyone, we will meet at the hotel promptly at noon!” exclaimed Tori’s teacher.

Tori stood amongst the rest of her class, huddled together in the February cold, awaiting further instruction.

“And remember, the museum is serving us lunch, so don’t stop for food! We will not wait for anyone to start the tour if you’re late!”

“So many rules, she just drones on and on,” whispered 18-year-old Lilly, Tori’s best friend. “At least we get today off for this.” Lilly’s dirty-blonde hair fell to her shoulders, a lighter shade than Tori’s straight brunette locks. At 5’7”, she stood just 3 inches taller than Tori.

“I know, just let us leave already!” complained Tori under her visible breath, “no one would be late if she didn’t keep talking!”

She shivered under her black sports jacket and blue jeans. She glanced towards Lilly, who appeared even colder in just her oversized gray hoodie and a pair of khaki short-shorts, her bare thighs pelted with goosebumps. Lilly was the type of girl who always needed to show off her fit, tanned legs, regardless of the temperature outside. Finally, the teacher finished, motioning for the students to leave. The students all rushed towards their respective vehicles. The school’s buses were not available for the Senior Field

Trip, so instead everyone carpooled with their respective chaperones. Tori and Lilly approached their car, driven by Tori’s mother, who had volunteered as one of the chaperones.

“Hey girls, I hope you’re ready!” she exclaimed.

Tori sat in the backseat with Lilly, choosing to keep her friend company. Tori nearly flinched when she saw the seats covered with towels. ‘Uh-oh,’ she thought, worried her mom might reveal their secret habit, something that Tori had not shared with anyone else. What would Lilly say? Fortunately, Lilly did not seem to question the towels.

“All aboard?” asked her mother, who scanned the now-empty parking lot.

“Yea, I think it’s just us Mrs. Franklin,” answered Lilly.

Tori always found it odd when her friends referred to her mother by her last name, so her lips pursed in a comical smile. Lilly saw Tori’s expression and disapprovingly shook her head and smiled back.

“Alright then, we’re off!” cheered Tori’s mother. With that, the 3 of them drove off to the Museum.

Tori’s school was located in a small town 3 hours away from the closest “big city.” The distance prompted the teacher to urgently ensure each group arrived on schedule, one of the reasons why she prohibited the chaperones from stopping for food. However, Tori’s mom did not pride herself as a rulefollower, hence Tori’s lack of surprise when her mother asked the two girls, “So who wants brunch?”

Of course neither Tori nor Lilly could resist. The three of them stopped by a local restaurant. In the spirit of brunch, they each ordered a coffee and orange juice to accompany their meals, and once both drinks emptied, they each washed down the rest with a few glasses of water. All the liquid had already taken a toll on the girls’ bladders. As Tori’s mother went to the cashier to pay, both of the girls headed towards the restrooms. However, a mop bucket stood in front of the door, and a sign plastered on it read “closed for cleaning.”

“Oh great…” complained Lilly, “I really have to go..”

“It’s ok, I’m sure we can pull over at a rest stop,” reassured Tori.

The two girls met Tori’s mom at the front and followed her back into the car. They pulled out of the restaurant parking lot and onto the main road, before soon exiting onto the interstate.

“Tori, honey, could you GPS me? I want to see our ETA,” asked Tori’s mother.

Tori nodded and opened her phone. She typed in the address, then froze when it revealed the estimated time of arrival of 12:15.

“Uhhh… Mom, we’re running fifteen minutes behind,” warned Tori.

“It’s ok, dear, I can make it up, we’ll just have to drive a little faster if that’s okay! Also, we won’t be able to stop until we get there,” stated Tori’s mother.

A lump formed in Tori’s throat. The drinks had already made their presence known in her bladder and she had not yet used the restroom today. She glanced over at Lilly to meet her widened eyes. It was not just whether or not she and Lilly could hold it the entire way - no, Tori was also afraid her mother would suggest for them to simply wet themselves. This prospect frightened Tori - no one at school knew of her and her mother’s accidents, and she intended to keep it that way. She again looked towards her friend, hoping she would not bring up her need to use the restroom.

An hour of driving later, and both girls squirmed in their seats. Tori’s bladder bulged like a balloon about to burst. She squeezed her muscles tight with all her might, her knuckles clenched as white as her clamped-shut teeth. She looked over towards Lilly, her bare legs shuffling back and forth as if to distract from the pressure. Her bladder also bulged, pressing against her tiny khaki shorts.

“I reallllllly have to go,” whispered Lilly to Tori. “Can you tell your mom to pull over?”

Tori began to panic. If she told her mother, then she would embarrass Tori by nonchalantly suggesting that they both wet themselves, giving Lilly the impression that Tori had done so before. If she did not tell her mother, then they would still both wet themselves, and her mother’s carefree reaction would tell the same story. She opted to instead procrastinate the decision for now. “Me too, but it’s okay, we can hold on a bit longer.”

Lilly appeared to panic too. Her eyes shut and her face grimaced, as if intensely focusing on restraining a flood. Another 15 minutes passed, and each second scraped at the girls like an hour of torture.

“I can’t hold it anymore,” whispered Lilly. “If you don’t tell your mom, then I will.”

Tori’s heart pounded in her chest. ‘Please no,’ she thought. Two inevitabilities seemed to come crashing towards her - both an accident, and the revelation of her and her mom’s secret. A warm drop trickled into her panties, and at the same time, Lilly finally spoke up.

“Mrs. Franklin, I really need to use the bathroom ASAP, could you please pull over soon?”

‘Nooo!’ Tori’s screamed internally. She begged and prayed inside her mind that her mom would not suggest it. However, just as she was powerless to prevent another hot spurt from shooting into her pants, she could neither stop her mother’s next words.

“Oh it’s okay, dear. You can just go right where you are.”

Tori’s mother uttered the sentence without a second of hesitation. Tori thought she could feel her heart stop beating.

“R-really? Are you sure?” muttered Lilly in a nervous pitch.

“Yes it’s okay, accidents happen,” comforted Tori’s mother. “After all, Tori and I--”

“MOM!” interrupted Tori.

Was she really about to tell her friend about their frequent accidents? She met her eyes with her mother in the rear-view mirror, hoping she could read her mind. Her mother seemed to understand, returning a nod.

“I put down these towels for a reason!” explained Tori’s mother. *Whew* thought Tori. Crisis averted temporarily as her mother did not tell Lilly about their accidents.

“I don’t know Mrs. Franklin…” whimpered Lilly.

“It’s okay!” interjected Tori’s mother. “Trust me, it’ll feel so much better to just let it go. “Just…. ahhhhh….relax,” sighed her mother.

A loud hiss echoed through the car, as a hot jet of piss pounded against Tori’s mother’s corduroy pants.

“Mrs. Franklin.. Are you…?”

“Yes,” interrupted Tori’s mother with another airy sigh. “And it feels so much better.”

Tori’s face flushed with heat. Embarrassment immersed her emotions. Her mother just peed her pants in front of her best friend. However, Lilly did not seem to judge. Instead, she leaned towards Tori and whispered, “I’m low-key jealous of your mom right now.”

Intrigue freed Tori from her embarrassment paralysis. Lilly wasn’t weirded out. Did she actually want to let it go too? Lilly’s hands were fiercely shoved in her crotch without any shame. Tori did the same, grabbing herself without worry in an attempt to hold back the river. Her friend whispered to her again,

“I already leaked a little… Should I just let it go?” she asked.

A tingle crept up Tori’s neck. Her friend was asking her, without judgment, if she should pee her pants.

Perhaps this was Tori’s chance to expand her circle of deviance. She nodded head towards her friend.

Now Tori was the one to give permission.

“I don’t know…” Lilly hesitated. “I’m feeling kinda stagefright… But I’m also about to burst!”

“I’ll go first,” affirmed Tori. After all, she was used to it. She removed her hands from her crotch, set them to either side of her, stared forward, and relaxed.

At first, nothing. Tori herself felt a little stagefright - never had she wet in such a spotlight before, in front of one of her friends. Her aching muscles, although desperate for release, seemed to be asking her:

“Are you sure?” Tori answered them by continuing to relax. Finally, a hot dribble trickled out. It continued to drip, moistening her panties. Her bladder slowly deflated. A dark spot began to materialize on her crotch.

“Oh!” spouted Lilly, “You’re doing it!”

Tori continued to relax and let the stream flow. She emitted an audible gasp as the trickle amplified into a flood, her exhausted muscles and bladder finally earning their freedom. Tori leaned back in her seat to allow the liquid to soak upwards over her crotch. The hot torrent gushed through her pants, covering her lap in a layer of warmth as the dark patch saturated her jeans. The warm spurts poured over her lap and down her crotch and soaked into the towel beneath her. She could feel her butt grow warm and wet as she sat in the aftermath of her release. Finally, all was emptied, and Tori leaned her head back, enjoying the pulsating waves of relief that rippled through her body.

“W-wow Tori, you-you really did it..” stuttered Lilly, hardly able to speak through her intense focus on holding.

“Yes, and it felt good,” Tori couldn’t believe she was actually admitting this to her friend. “You should try it too.”

“I want to,” answered Lilly. “But I don’t know…” she trailed off.

Tori rested her hand on her friend’s shoulder. “Just relax,” she coaxed.

Lilly turned her head towards Tori, her blue eyes trembling. Tori gave a reassuring nod. Lilly then slowly removed her hands from her crotch and set them beside her. “Okay,” she sighed through a series of heavy breaths. Tori thought she could hear Lilly’s heart pounding. She could see a small patch already painted on her shorts from the prior leaks. “Okay, here I go,” Lilly uttered, unable to turn back now. She took one last deep breath and closed her eyes, as if jumping off a cliff into the waters below.

Tori saw the small patch on her friend’s shorts slowly expand. Lilly exhaled her breath as the patch grew larger and larger. “Oh...Ohhh… My…” Lilly could barely expel the words through her sighs of relief. A loud hiss rang through the car as the hot liquid completely soaked her khaki shorts. Her legs went limp and spread open, and the hot torrent continued to gush through the fabric. “So warm….” moaned Lilly, her eyes still shut and her head leaning against the headrest.

A wave of adrenaline rushed over Tori. She could feel the second-hand pleasure emanating from her friend. As far as Tori knew, she was straight, but seeing her friend engage in this wrongful act almost seemed….attractive? She shook the feelings off however, quickly regaining her senses.

Lilly opened her eyes and gazed down at the evidence. She shifted in her seat, rubbing her butt against the saturated towel, almost seeming intrigued by the remnants of her action. “I can’t believe I just did that. It felt sooo freaking good.. You were right, Tori.”

Tori blushed. “Welp, it’s better than holding it!” she blurted out. She still couldn't muster the strength to tell her friend how much she really enjoyed it.

“How are you girls doing back there?” questioned her mother, overhearing the noise.

“Uhhh, fine mom… We ummm, we went,” squeaked Tori. Both girls blushed.

“That’s okay! Accidents happen. I told you it would be better,” said her mother with a grin.

“Yeah it definitely is!” giggled Lilly. Tori looked over at her smirking friend, and couldn’t help but smile.

They both laughed as they rode the rest of the way to the hotel in their soaked pants.

The car finally pulled into the hotel parking lot. The girls’ bottoms had mostly dried, but a distinct damp discoloration remained. They did not have time to worry if anyone would notice, however. The girls grabbed their bags and rushed towards the lobby. Tori’s mom checked them in, handing Tori and Lilly their room key.

“Ok girls, change quickly and meet right here!”

The girls sprinted down the hall and to their room.

“Hurry, we’re gonna be late!” exclaimed Lilly frantically.

She whipped off her shorts and threw them in the shower. Tori peeled off her still-moist blue jeans. She then dug through her bag and grabbed a pair of black Adidas track pants and a fresh pair of panties.

However, she paused for a moment, before placing the clean panties back into the bag. She then stepped into the track pants and lifted them over her wet panties. ‘Gotta have some fun on this field trip,’ she thought to herself.

Lilly returned from the bathroom, of course clad in tiny runner’s shorts despite the winter air. Tori just playfully shook her head.

“Alright, let’s go!”

The two of them met Tori’s mom in the lobby, now wearing a brown skirt with black tights.

“Alright girls, let’s hurry on now!”

The group sped out of the hotel. Luckily, the museum sat directly across the street. They hopped across the crosswalk and entered the museum. A wave of relief flowed through Tori as she saw other students and chaperones arriving at the same time. They met the teacher at the front, who directed them towards a large gathering room where lunch was catered. The students stood in the cafeteria-style line.

After grabbing their plates, Tori and Lilly sat down with their other friends at one of the round tables.

Still full from the forbidden brunch, the girls just picked at their food. They instead drank a few glasses of lemonade for their lunch.

After the meal, the teacher led them out towards the main exhibit area. A tour guide guided the students through each display, showcasing various ancient artifacts. Tori attempted to feign interest, but a familiar twinge in her bladder had re-emerged. Each new exhibit and explanation from the tour guide did little to distract from the growing urge. She thought about letting go - after all, her black track pants would hide any visible wetness. However, her crush stood in the group directly in front of her, and she did not want to risk any embarrassment in front of him.

After some time, the teacher granted the students a break. They gathered in the lobby area, most of them using this as an opportunity to use the restroom. However, Tori decided to skip the facilities and instead hold. If she couldn’t wet, she could at least have some fun and keep holding, she thought to herself. Interestingly enough, Tori noticed that Lilly chose not to use the restroom as well. Both of them instead sat with a group of girls in their class and chatted away. Soon the chatter turned into a hushed whisper. Tori looked up to see her crush approach the group. All of her internal organs simultaneously froze. She held her breath. ‘Was he approaching me?’ hoped Tori.

Lilly elbowed Tori’s ribs.

“He’s coming!” whispered her friend.

Tori stood up right before her crush approached. However, he kept walking past Tori. He continued onward towards another girl in the group, wrapping his arm around her waist.

Tori’s heart sank to her toes. “When did that happen?” whispered Lilly in disgust.

“I don’t know, I think they rode together,” uttered Tori in a solemn tone.

“Oh well, who needs him!” comforted Lilly.

Tori felt discouraged, but at least she no longer had anyone to impress. Her bladder reminded her of its strain, which sent a different kind of rush through Tori.

“Alright class, break time is over, we have a whole other floor to explore!”

The students climbed the stairs to sight see another level of artifacts and fossils. After a few more exhibits, the pressure on Tori’s bladder began begging for relief. With her crush obviously not interested, she no longer had anything holding her back. She thought back to her day of Christmas shopping with her mother, and how she managed to wet freely in her black jeans without drawing any attention. As she walked towards another exhibit, she glanced down at her black track pants - perhaps the back of her mind had subconsciously selected these pants for a reason. Tori gazed through a glass barrier at an ancient tribal mask. She focused on the intricate yet decaying details of craftsmanship, while her muscles relaxed and a warm trickle escaped into her panties. The dried cotton was once again introduced to familiar moisture. Tori continued staring at the artifact, but her mind wandered elsewhere, as she let the hot stream absorb into the black fabric of her pants and drip down her legs.

She stopped the flow for now so as not to make a puddle. She carried on to the next exhibit as if nothing had happened.

Tori continued to follow the group through the upper floor of the museum. She glanced over at her crush with his arm still around the girl he chose over her. However, the sting of jealousy had subsided.

She should be the jealous one, thought Tori to herself, as she released another warm spurt into her pants. After all, Tori was the one who had discovered her own naughty secret, one that she could engage in without a single soul noticing.

“Whoa look at this one!”

Tori glanced towards the voice of her friend. There Lilly stood, impressed at the size of a perfectlypreserved dinosaur bone. Tori noticed Lilly’s legs shifting back and forth. The trembling flesh and squirming hips teased Tori’s mind. She imagined her friend letting loose, the liquid cascading down her tiny runner’s shorts. However, Tori shook her head, coming to her senses. What was she doing?

Fantasizing about her friend? She walked towards Lilly, pretending to admire the fossil as well.

“That sure is a big one!” muttered Tori, and as she let the words out, she also let out another hot gush into her pants.

A dozen delightful drops dripped down her legs. Although she already knew the answer, she wanted to ask Lilly if she needed to go. However, a pang of nerves prevented Tori from expelling the words. Why was she so nervous? After all, they had just shared an accident earlier today. Unable to answer her internal interrogations, Tori went along with the rest of the museum tour with Lilly, gradually letting out more and more warm spurts until her bladder completely emptied. Still, the entire time, her friend never opted to use the bathroom. This curious inquisition hid behind Tori’s brain until the end of the tour.

“Alright class, that concludes our tour of the museum! Remember to meet in the auditorium tomorrow at 7:30 a.m. for the closing presentation! You all are now free to go get dinner. Everyone is dismissed!”

“Finally!” sighed Lilly. Her squirms grew more frequent. Tori knew her friend desperately needed to relieve herself, but for some reason had voluntarily skipped every opportunity to do so. Tori had skipped the bathroom as well, but she did not hold it. Her track pants were still soaked from the constant spurting during the tour. However, the black fabric concealed the evidence.

The two friends joined Tori’s mother across the room.

“You girls ready for dinner?” chimed her mother.

Two nodding heads answered. The threesome ate at a nearby restaurant. Tori munched on her food, but her focus remained on her friend, who continued holding on for the entirety of the meal. Tori almost couldn’t believe Lilly held on so long, as the dinner drinks had already made their presence known in

Tori’s bladder. Despite her still-moist pants, Tori decided to secretly hold on as well with her friend.

They drove back towards the hotel. Tori eyed Lilly’s every step, her friend obviously trying to hide a desperation-induced limp. Both girls finally made it to their room, which opened with the click of the key-card. Tori did a double-take when her friend again walked straight past the bathroom and plopped down on her bed.

“Wanna look for a movie? There’s gotta be somethin’ on these channels,” said Lilly, her voice ever-soslightly strained.

“Sure, I’m down. Let me just change first.” Tori peeled off her damp track pants and switched to her gray pajama bottoms.

She glanced at the bathroom, but too decided to skip it, and sat next to Lilly on the bed. Lilly scissored her legs in and out as she flipped the channels. Her arm rested casually over her crotch. Tori wondered how long she would wait before admitting to her need. Lily’s deep breathing echoed in Tori’s ears.

“Lilly, are you ok?” Tori asked.

“Yea I’m fine,” fibbed Lilly.

A few channel-flips later, Tori heard her friend gasp a few times, as if wanting to say something before holding in the words. Finally, Tori decided to address the obvious.

“Do you have to pee?”

Lilly’s face flushed red. She turned towards Tori, her soft voice solemnly stating, “Yes. I’ve been holding it all day.”

“Why?” pressed Tori.

“Well, I was just thinking about today in the car…” trailed Lilly. Her teeth clamped down on her lower lip.

“And you liked the feeling of holding?” asked Tori, intrigued. Was she being too blunt?

“...Yeah, kinda actually, and….” Lilly’s shaking voice faded off without finishing her sentence.

“And what?” prodded Tori.

She definitely felt she was being too straightforward now, especially compared to her usual more restrained demeanor, but she desperately wanted to know that she was not alone. Lilly again bit her lip and drew another deep breath instead of answering. Tori’s heart pounded with impatience. She decided to just let it out.

“Did you like the feeling of just… letting go? You know? ..In your....?”

Lilly nodded her head furiously as if relieved that Tori pulled out her inner truth. “But I couldn’t! Not in front of everyone.”

“Well it’s just us now,” reassured Tori. “You wanna know something?”

Lilly again nodded. Tori’s heart pumped nervousness through her veins. She couldn’t believe what she was about to tell her friend.

“I went. Today. In front of everyone. Right there in my pants,” admitted Tori.

Lilly smiled, but did not laugh. “Really? That’s what I wanted to do!” She bent her knees to her chest and wrapped her arms around her shins.

Tori briefly paused before continuing. “Well like I said, it’s just us here...and you know I can’t judge you!”

Lilly’s face furled into a hopeful confusion. “Are you saying I should just let it go right here?”

“...If you wanna....” muttered Tori, bashfully, breathless.

“But what about the bed?” protested Lilly, although she desperately wanted to follow her friend’s advice and release the flood.

“It’s okay, we can just both sleep on the other bed. This one can be for our accidents. Plus this place has mattress protectors.” Tori felt strange being the one to tell her friend to let go. She felt as though possessed by a naughty yet confident spirit. “Just relax. Let it flow.” Tori realized the familiarity of the words, echoing her own mother’s permission.

“Are you sure?” whimpered Lilly timidly, putting up one last line of defense.

Tori scooted closer and rested her hand on Lilly’s shoulder. “Yes, it’s ok. You can relax now.”

And she did. Lilly let go and allowed her body to give in to the pressure. Tori could hear the bubbling and hiss as the warm torrent finally gushed its way free of its prison, soaking into her friend’s athletic shorts.

Lilly gasped. Her mouth stood agape. Tori felt a warm nip at her butt, a heat that was not her own. She didn’t flinch. She remained next to her friend, letting the liquid wet her as well, sharing in the warmth.

“Oh gosh… This is amazing…” muttered Lilly through her sighs of relief.

“I know,” stated Tori. She wanted to join in as well. Tori relaxed and released her own bladder’s contents, her warmth meeting Lilly’s. Tori just stared at Lilly’s face, her eyelids gently shut, basking in relief, as she too continued to allow the hot stream to pour into her pajama shorts. Most of it pooled in the dip where she sat, but some soaked through or streamed towards Lilly.

“You too?” asked Lilly, having felt her friend’s release re-warm the bottom of her shorts.

“Yep,” whispered Tori. “I had to go too.”

Lilly instantly smiled. “You wanna actually watch something now?” she asked.

Tori was shocked at how casual the subject-changing question appeared after having just shared an accident with her friend. Nonetheless, she agreed. The two friends finally flipped to a classic rom-com that had just started.

“I liked that,” admitted Lilly, “But I think there’s some more.”

That was the last time either of the girls addressed their need for the remainder of the movie. Instead, if a tinge tickled either of their bladders, they would silently release, letting the trickles re-warm them.

Tori savored every moment, finally having a friend to share in her taboo habit.

After the movie, they took turns showering and brushing their teeth. Tori grabbed a pair of sweatpants from her bag, her last clean bottoms. Lilly changed into a pair of hot pink boy-shorts and had removed her hoody for an oversize sleep-shirt.

“I feel drained,” sighed Lilly.

Tori checked the minifridge under the T.V. Sure enough, some complimentary water bottles sat on the shelves.

She grabbed two and threw one to Lilly. “Here, let’s rehydrate.”

The two friends downed their waters and sat on the clean bed. They watched more mindless T.V., gossiped, and talked until their eyelids could no longer stay open. Finally, they laid down under the covers. Lilly took the role of the ‘big spoon’ since she was taller, snuggling up to Tori underneath the covers. They both laid there for several minutes, unable to fall asleep.

“Tori?” muttered Lilly in a groggy voice. “I kinda have to go again.”

“Me too,” Tori responded. “But it’s too cozy to get up.”

“Yeah, I’m too comfy…” agreed Lilly.

A few more sleepless minutes passed. The pressure on Tori’s bladder prevented her from peacefully drifting to a slumber. She decided to just let it go. Relaxing her muscles, Tori let the warm liquid trickle into her panties and sweatpants. It poured down her crotch and butt and onto the sheets below. It spread up her lower back and down to her knees.

Lilly felt it. Tori’s wetness spread from her butt to Lilly’s crotch. Instead of protesting, she decided to do the same. She too relaxed, letting the hot stream gently dribble out of her. Her pink boy-shorts did little to stop the flow - the thin fabric a futile barrier against the warm river. Tori felt her own butt again grow warm, realizing that Lilly began to release as well. The wet spot on the sheets expanded, surrounding both of them in a warm embrace. The liquid crawled up the cloth of their T shirts and stretched down towards their toes. Neither girl cared that the designated ‘clean’ bed was now soaked with their pee, nor did Tori worry at all that she just saturated her last dry pair of clothes. Now relieved and snuggled in warmth, both girls swiftly drifted off to sleep.

Tori woke up wet. The cool, clammy fabric of her panties and sweatpants encased her legs and crotch.

The previous deep slumber made her forget her current location. Her heavy eyelids absorbed the unfamiliar environment. ‘Why am I so sweaty?’ wondered Tori, noticing the cold dampness of the sheets and covers, until remembering where she was and what she had done. Tori sat up and turned her head to see the stiff, slumbering body of her friend, her soft inhales and exhales the only sound in the room. The dawning glows of the sun peeking through the hotel curtains illuminated the differentiation of color of the sheets surrounding her friend. Tori then turned around and twisted her body so that she laid on her side facing Lilly. Still a tad tired, Tori relaxed her head against the plush pillow. The tinge of a night-long bladder begged her to get up - but she didn’t. Without hesitation, Tori released the flow, letting the gentle trickle re-soak and re-warm her. The relief and relaxation nearly lulled her to sleep again. A puddle pooled around where the side of her hip pressed into the mattress.

Tori’s warmth nipped at Lilly’s legs. She woke too, her bladder also twinging from the sleep-hold. Lilly whipped off the covers, staring at the wetness around her, before also recalling the night prior. Tori watched as Lilly sat up, planted her feet in front of her, spread her legs, and stared down at her crotch.

‘What is she doing?’ wondered Tori. Her question was soon answered as she saw a dark patch on the sheets expand from beneath Lilly’s pink boy shorts. Lilly raised her head up and stared forward, fixated on the drywall, deep in thought as if nothing were happening. All the while the wet spot spread. The growing dampness inched closer to Tori, who just laid still and let the friendly warmth meet her skin without flinching.

The striking ping of an alarm broke both girls from their morning trance. Lilly shot up from the bed. She gazed down at the evidence of her wetting, before briefly grinning towards Tori. “Dibs on the shower first!” she chimed before hurrying towards the bathroom. Tori couldn’t help but steal a glance at her friend’s butt pressing through the glistening wet fabric of her shorts.

Both girls showered and brushed their teeth, ready to meet the rest of their class for the final portion of the trip. Lilly wore the same black shorts as yesterday with a red hoodie over top, while Tori rummaged through her suitcase in search of clean bottoms. However, having only brought one pair of jeans and sweatpants each, Tori resorted to wearing yesterday’s jeans. The denim had mostly dried. The dampness mostly dissipated, but when Tori gave the pants a quick sniff, she flinched at the odd scent.

Although not quite the odor of urine, they did smell a bit stale. Nonetheless, she stepped into the jeans and slapped on a long-sleeved T-shirt under her jacket.

Lilly and Tori joined the class in the lobby. Tori saw her mother walk towards the group as well, wearing her same corduroy pants that she wore on the car ride. Tori’s eyebrows shifted upwards. Did her mother also run out of dry clothing? If so, what did she do in her hotel room? The teacher’s shrill shriek derailed

Tori’s train of thought.

“GOOD MORNING class, as you are all aware, we will eat the complimentary hotel breakfast then meet back here promptly at 8 AM! Then we will sit for the presentation before walking together to the local city park to explore the monuments.”

“Oh boy, can’t wait to see some statues!” whispered Lilly.

Tori laughed before following her friend to the breakfast area. Many of Tori’s classmates piled their plates with cheap bagels and questionable scrambled eggs which resembled shredded rubber ducks.

Tori, her mother, and Lilly all ate sparsely, instead downing multiple glasses of orange juice and coffee.

Tori knew the drinks would affect her in certain ways - ways in which she imagined Lilly to feel as well.

The girls soon finished and returned to the lobby. Once the rest of the students finished as well, the teacher led them to the auditorium where a local historian prepared his presentation. Tori, Lilly, and the other students each chose their own seat amongst the rows of folding chairs. The presenter gave a brief talk before playing a documentary on the projector. Black-and-white images overlay classical music, but

Tori’s mind drifted elsewhere. She could feel the first few rushes of liquid begin to travel towards her bladder. She craved a repeat of this morning, of yesterday, or the way here. Her daydreams and fantasies, along with the relaxing music and dull voice of the video, coaxed her to sleep.

Tori woke to the sound of hands clapping together. She felt as though she jumped in time, to a nearbyfuture where her bladder had nearly filled up. “Alright class, let’s all give another round of applause!” chimed the teacher, followed by more feigned clapping from the disinterested senior class.

“Now let’s head over to the park for the final part of our trip!”

After everyone filed out of the auditorium, the teacher led the students and chaperones outside. Tori braced herself, prepared to endure a blistering breeze of winter air. However, upon exiting the hotel, the temperature felt surprisingly warm. “Dang, I guess the world is burning up sooner than we thought,” half-joked Lilly.

“And we still have a week til March!” Tori laughed. Not like her friend ever got cold anyway. She curiously gazed up at the sky.

“Actually, there’s your culprit,” pointed Tori, gesturing towards charcoal-gray clouds in the distance. The impending storm must have blown a warm front towards them.

“Okay class, I’m afraid our day may be cut short. Let’s hurry along now so we can see as much as possible!” said the teacher, also noticed the less-than-ideal weather on the horizon.

The class marched down the gray city blocks until their feet met green.

“We’re here!” the teacher proclaimed as the students entered the historical park.

“Ooooo, Ahhhhh,” mocked Lilly, prompting another chuckle from Tori.

“I know, right!?” added Tori’s mother.

Lilly and Tori couldn’t help but laugh at her mother’s unawareness for sarcasm. They trudged onward with the rest of the class.

Young eyes took in the old monuments. The teacher explained the story behind each statue and building, but the words simply flew through Tori’s ears. Her brain instead focused on the pressure building inside her. She had come to enjoy the tinge of her need to relieve - not only did the expanding bladder press against all the right places, but the budding awareness also foreshadowed another opportunity. These naughty thoughts solemnly subsided, however, when Tori rubbed her hand across her thigh, flesh meeting denim. She couldn’t get away with more discreet releases today, as any spurt of urine would obviously contrast against the blue hue of her jeans. Envy entered Tori’s mind as she turned towards her friend, wearing her black athletic shorts. Tori wished they could switch outfits. However, she would still have fun watching Lilly’s predicament unfold alongside her own.

Several ‘real-life’ history lessons later, Tori’s bladder tugged in her groin. She resisted the urge to plant her hands on her crotch - she stood nearly shoulder-to-shoulder with her classmates as their teacher droned on. Knowing Lilly must be experiencing the same, she glanced towards her friend. Lilly shifted back and forth on each leg. She would stand for a second on her left leg, only to immediately swap to her right. Tori leaned forward and whispered in Lilly’s ear.

“How you doin?”

Lilly immediately answered in a soft voice, “I have to pee. BAD.”

The comment oddly excited Tori. She felt glad knowing her friend had to go just as bad.

“What you did yesterday…” Lilly timidly prodded, “You just let it out? With everyone right there?”

Tori waited until the class started walking towards the next area before she replied, “Yep. But just a little at a time. And I made sure no one was watching.”

“Hmmm,” trailed Lilly, biting her lip and tilting her eyes upward as if contemplating. The two girls walked a few feet behind the rest of the group. Suddenly, Lilly stopped and tensed up. Not noticing, Tori walked past her, before turning around.

“You okay?”

“Yeah I’m fine!” yelped Lilly, speed-walking to catch up with her friend.

‘Did she just...?’ wondered Tori. The thought piqued her interest. She nearly let some out herself, before squeezing shut her muscles. She tried to inconspicuously glance down at Lilly’s shorts, but was unable to confirm her suspicions. ‘Should I just ask her…?’ Tori questioned to herself. But both girls just pressed on in silence.

The class stopped at the next monument for the teacher to deliver another spiel. Lilly stepped off the concrete sidewalk and into a patch of grass by a tree. She leaned her hand on the trunk. Tori stood a couple paces away, enough to observe the rugged details of the tree’s bark - and, more importantly, the state of her friend’s shorts. Both girls stood behind the rest of the class, so no one noticed what came next.

Except Tori.

Her eyes remained glued on her friend. Lilly stared ahead at the teacher, pretending to donate her full attention to the educational lecture. However, Tori knew her mind traversed elsewhere. Then it happened. Just a few drips at first. The pale liquid trickled from Lilly’s shorts. Some drips slid down her legs, while others poured directly below her crotch , falling into the grass, which hid any evidence of the clandestine act. Then another burst struck. More drips drizzled down into the earth. Waves of steam briefly wafted from her athletic shorts. All the while, Lilly’s feet remained firmly planted on the ground and her hands stayed at rest, having retreated into the front pocket of her hoodie. Not even the slightest movement of her body alerted anyone of the secret stream.

Tori nearly melted. Seeing her friend daringly partake in what Tori herself had done just yesterday caused her knees to wobble. Tori’s body absorbed the secondhand relief of her friend, pulsing through her bones, causing her muscles to relax for a mere moment.

That was enough. A hot gush jolted her privates. Tori quickly and firmly crossed her legs, halting the flow in its tracks. Her eyes fell down towards her crotch , relieved to see only a penny-size dark spot. She desperately desired to simply follow her friend’s lead and soak her jeans right then and there, but the visual evidence would prove far too obvious.

Thunder rumbled in the distance. Lilly boldly let out another spurt. Tori thought she noticed the ghost of a smile haunting Lilly’s lips. Tori nearly stumbled as she stepped into the grass to join her friend, just in case. Lilly did not mention what was happening.

An ever-so-faint splatter echoed in Tori’s ears. She looked down just in time to see another drop tip-toe down Lilly’s legs. Tori squeezed her muscles even tighter. ‘Maybe just a teeny bit…’ she thought to herself. With that, Tori relaxed for a second, shuddering as a warm dribble trickled into her panties.

However, she basked in the pleasure a millisecond too long, suddenly aware of a warm streak creeping down her inner thigh. She gasped and commanded her bladder to freeze. Gazing down, she saw a clear dark line etched on the inner portion of her jeans. She squeezed her legs together, which seemed to hide most of the streak. She looked around only to see the backs of heads. Her face suddenly felt warm as well, flushing with fear that someone would notice.

Tori suddenly felt another gentle drop hit her shoe. Then came more splatters. More drips. She panicked. Thrusting her hands towards her crotch, Tori did not notice any new wetness. She looked over towards Lilly, who also seemed to be in-between intentional leaks. However, the drops continued. Tori gazed upwards to see that the clouds had finally crawled directly over them.

One of her classmates shouted. “Rain!!!”

“Ok class, it seems as though we may need to break due to the weather…”

The increasing frequency of rain drops poured overhead. A bolt of lightning flashed followed by a roar of thunder.

“Alright, let’s all meet under some shelter, follow me towards…”

The students didn’t let her finish. A wave of panic shot through the crowd as the class scattered, desperately searching for cover. Tori and Lilly retreated closer towards the tree, but the branches did not serve as the best umbrella.

Tori heard her mother’s voice break through the chaos. “This way!”

Tori looked over to see her mom and some of the other chaperones motioning for students to follow them. They pointed towards a nearby pavilion. Quickly, the girls rushed towards the shelter, but the precipitation pounded harder and harder. Tori’s mother stopped and waited for the girls to catch up, letting the chilling rain wash over her hair and clothes.

Finally, Lilly and Tori caught up, and the trio followed the rest of the crowd to the pavilion. Each of their footsteps produced a different sound, whether splashing through puddles on the concrete or sloshing from soaked socks. A loud strike of lighting rattled through the air, sending a frantic jolt through Tori, causing her to lose control for a second. Warm drips joined the cool raindrops. Tori grabbed herself to regain control and quickened her pace. They finally reached the pavilion. The rain drops thudded on the overhead sheet-metal roof, echoing throughout the space like a rapid-fire machine gun. Lilly, Tori, and Tori’s mother shivered under their new shelter, their clothes soaked from the frigid rain. The other groups of students did not seem to fare much better.

A voice of a nearby classmate shrieked amongst the storm. “How long is this rain gonna last? I have to pee!!!”

Another student answered, “Well the bathroom’s just across that field,” pointing to the public facilities, separated by a wall of rain.

The student who needed the restroom stared ahead at the wet journey to the bathroom, shook her head, and sat down at the table.

Tori’s mother must have overheard. She whispered towards Lilly and Tori, “Does anyone need to pee?”

Tori timidly turned her head away. Both her and Lilly avoided the question.

“Well, we’re already wet,” spoke Tori’s mother. “So if you have to go, no need to go in the restrooms.

Heck, walking that far would get you more wet anyway than just having an accident!”

Tori felt a hot blush amongst her shivers. Here her mom was again, suggesting for her and Lilly to…

A faint hiss joined the thudding rain and rumbling thunder. Tori noticed a dark spot materializing on her mother’s corduroy pants, expanding like the storm clouds above. Her mother just stared at the rain as if nothing were happening, lost in her mind. Soon the patch stopped growing and Tori’s mother seemed to return to reality.

Witnessing another release almost tipped Tori over the edge again. She felt another hot trickle join the moisture already present in her panties. Tori tightened her grip even harder, her teeth clenching her lower lip. Her mother’s words tempted her further. Tori glanced over towards her mother’s pants - the faded patch was now camouflaged among the wetness from the rain. This revelation finally persuaded

Tori. The rain would conceal what she desperately desired to do.

Right as another bout of thunder growled, Tori relaxed. It gushed out of her. The cold wetness of her jeans was replaced with a fresh new warmth. The cascades rippled down the darkening denim, dripping at the creases and seams. The new wetness glowed white in the light like miniature arcs of lightning in the navy sky. The waterfall fell down her thighs, past her knees, over her calves, and finally pooled at her feet. The warm relief and euphoric release sent pangs of ecstasy flowing through Tori’s body. She inadvertently let out a faint moan from the pleasure.

Lilly noticed. She smiled before confiding in her friend. “Me too, girl!”

Tori glanced towards her friend’s shorts. Although black, the shine gave it away. So did the drips drizzling down Lilly’s smooth legs. Tori’s mother smiled at them both, seemingly happy they heeded her advice. The entire situation proved too much for Tori, as she plopped her soggy bottom down on the wooden park bench. Lilly sat down next to her, still mid-stream. Tori didn’t mind feeling her friend’s expanding puddle caress her butt. She simply closed her eyes and absorbed the sounds of the storm and the lingering pulses of relief.

The other students didn’t seem to notice; they were all focused on the surrounding monsoon. Soon the torrential downpour dissipated into a small sprinkle. The small sprinkle shrunk into a mere mist. The gray in the sky diluted into white. Tori observed her jeans - the dark blotches of her own doing were obscured, nearly indistinguishable from the rain’s fingerprints. It had worked - the downpour had effectively concealed her deed. Tori stood up to notice the chilly breeze nipping at her backside.

“Umm.. Tori?” Lilly bashfully commented.

Tori saw the concerned look in her friend’s eyes. Her hand brushed her own butt. Coming into contact with still-saturated denim, she panicked, knowing she could not pass this off as rain. Tori’s head twisted in every direction, scanning for anything to hide her act. Her gaze stopped at one of the picnic tables near the edge of the pavilion. Some of the wind must have blown in the rain, as the far end of the benches was covered in a thin layer of puddles.

Tori turned back towards Lilly. “I have an idea. Help me out?”

Lilly nodded as Tori tip-toed towards the table. She pretended to observe the weather, not looking at the bench as she sat down right into the puddle. The frigid waters rose up into the fabric around her butt. “This better work,” muttered Tori.

Lilly shot up. “Tori! You just sat in a puddle!” A flawless performance.

Tori grinned. Her friend knew exactly how to play along. She loved her for it. Several classmates turned their heads towards Tori, laughing at her perceived misfortune. However, Tori didn’t mind the storm of light teasing that ensued - sitting in a puddle proved far more understandable than what had really happened. The embarrassment of a rain-soaked butt shielded her from much worse.

Tori’s mother and Lilly both avoided such drastic measures, as her mother stayed standing and dried out uniformly, while Lilly’s black shorts revealed little remnants of her act.

With the storm retreating to the horizon, it took the warm front with it. The winter cold had returned, biting at all the rain-soaked students. The teacher had no choice but to end the field trip a few hours early. With clattering teeth and shivering bodies, Tori and Lilly rushed through the chilling air back towards the hotel.

They shivered and shuddered with every step. Lilly and Tori fared worse than the other classmates, having a fresh wetness cooling against their hips and legs. The rain’s wetness may have hid any visual evidence, but it did not wash away the frigid grasp of their soaked pants fabric. Finally, the two friends pushed open the hotel room and ran towards the hall. The pitter-patter of their feet joined the sloshing of their soaked socks all the way until they reached their room. Tori buzzed open the door and both girls nearly fell into the room.

“Ugh I’m fa-reezing!” shouted Lilly, not hesitating to yank off her pullover hoody and drop her saturated athletic shorts.

Tori noticed her friend’s pink panties nearly completely transformed into a darker red-violet color. An army of goosebumps protruded from her bare, lithe legs.

Tori noticed a tinge of nerves bubble in her chest. She wondered why - she had seen Lilly undress countless times before. Still, Tori timidly peeled off her own urine-soaked blue jeans to reveal a darkened pair of gray panties. She then unzipped her rain-chilled jacket and let it slide down onto the floor.

“I know it got super cold but… that was hot,” Lilly lightly declared. “It was totally worth it. Why didn’t you tell me about this sooner, Tori?”

Tori just blushed and returned a laugh. “I still have a little left…” her voice trailed off.

“Me too!” admitted Lilly, almost in an excited tone.

“Wanna let the rest out with me? It’ll warm us up.” Tori couldn’t believe those words left her mouth.

Why did she still feel so nervous? Both friends had wet near each other multiple times now.

Lilly smiled and agreed.

“Sure! Right here? Or where at?”

Tori glanced down at their bare feet, standing above the carpet. “Um, follow me,” suggested Tori.

“Alright, lead the way,” Lilly playfully responded with a grin, as she held out her hand.

Tori nearly froze for a moment before gently grasping her friend’s delicate hand. Her fingers trembled.

Still, Tori led Lilly with purpose straight towards the shower. Tori stepped over the ledge first, then helped Lilly climb in after her. Both girls stood facing each other in the cubicle of a shower, clad in only their T-shirts and panties.

“Right here?” whispered Lilly.

“Yeah..” Tori nearly moaned the word.

“Ok, on the count of three!”

“One.”

Tori stared into her friend’s eyes.

“Two.”

Lilly smiled.

“Three”

Tori smiled back.

“Go!”

Both girls relaxed. Tori felt the hot rush escape her. It only soaked into her panties for a brief moment before breaking through the thin cotton barrier and sputtering into the drain below. The stream encased her legs, warming her chilled flesh. Tori heard the splatter of dozens of drips pound on the shower floor and echo against the walls. She was unsure of which drips were hers and which were Lilly’s.

Both eyes remained fixed on each other. Lilly let out a sigh as a loud hiss accompanied another gush.

Tori could feel the warm puddles of their combined flows tickle her toes.

It only lasted a moment. Tori wished it could be forever. Both her and Lilly finally looked downwards to observe their release. Despite having finished their flows, they could still hear the sputtering of the drain as the warm pool trickled down into the pipes. Tori’s eyes glanced at her friend’s panties, now completely re-drenched and completely darkened. For some reason, she wanted to reach out and touch the soaked fabric with her hands. However, she repressed this thought. Her fingers instead traced the soaked seems of her one panties, the previously gray cotton now a sheening black.

“Well, my legs are warm now!” exclaimed Lilly, a bashful smile careening on her lips.

Her arms crossed over her chest and her back hunched over slightly as her body shivered.

“But everything above is still cold!”

“I have an idea,” Tori uttered, her solemn words echoing with the continued flow of the drain.

Tori turned around and gripped her hand around the cool steel of the shower nozzle. She paused for a moment, before turning it to the left. The crack of pipes preceded the hiss and buzz of water which spurted from the overhead nozzle. The scalding stream poured between both girls. Tori stared through the steaming waterfall directly at a smiling Lilly. She felt her face flush the same color of her friend’s Tshirt.

“Good idea!” chuckled Lilly, who casually stepped into the stream.

The liquid immediately soaked into hair and clothes, turning the blonde hair nearly brown and causing her red shirt to shine. Tori’s heart fluttered as she observed the saturated cloth shirt cling to Lilly’s body, forming a glistening sheen which highlighted every curve of her fit body. The wet clothes cupped her breasts, revealing to Tori that her friend had skipped a bra.

“You gonna join?” giggled Lilly, noticing Tori’s blank stare and agape mouth.

“Oh..Uh..Of course,” stammered Tori, before stepping into the stream herself.

The hot water poured over her head and shoulders, some of it absorbing into her white T-shirt and the rest flowing down her skin, again re-wetting her already soaked panties and crawling down her legs into the drain. Tori felt her shirt embrace her, sticking to her skin, before noticing it had gone completely see-through, giving Lilly full view of her bra.

“Oooo look at you!” giggled Lilly.

Both wet friends stood facing each other inches away, hot droplets dripping from their hair and faces.

Tori suddenly noticed every detail of her friend: the strands of golden hairs adhered together in thick strands, the droplets etched on her delicate cheeks, dew drops of moisture resting on her eyelashes, deep blue irises, and a pair of soft lips…

A wave of new feelings overcame Tori. She wanted to take one more step forward and kiss those lips…

She flinched. A pair of hands gently caressed her hips. Tori returned the touch, placing her palm against her friend’s cheek. Their eyes did not blink; both transfixed upon the other pair.

Suddenly, Tori came to her senses. She stepped back and dropped her hand from Lilly’s face. Her head shot down to face her feet.

“You okay?” asked Lilly.

“Yeah, yeah, I’m fine,” stuttered Tori.

“It’s just us now,” comforted Lilly, repeating the same words Tori spoke to her the day before in regards to letting go.

Lilly’s delicate fingers pressed upwards on Tori’s chin. Tori faced up just in time for her mouth to meet

Lilly’s. Tori decided to let go again. Her mind drifted above to join the rising shower steam. Lips caressed and tongues twirled. Tori heard a loud plop on the floor and realized her shirt had somehow come off.

Another plop. Her hands now cupped Lilly’s bare shirtless flesh. A third plop. Tori’s own breasts were freed as her saturated bra smacked against the floor. Fingers traced every inch of flesh. Tori gasped. This was a different kind of release.

Tori and Lilly dried themselves off. They packed up in silence, neither of them speaking of what just occurred. Tori did not mind; she preferred that she and Lilly remain friends. However, sharing intimate moments would serve as a bonus. She hoped Lilly felt the same way.

As these thoughts raced through Tori’s mind, she stuffed her duffle bag with clothes. Nearly every article suffered some sort of level of dampness. Some still soaked, some just wet, some merely a little moist.

Her hand then brushed against a smooth fabric. She pulled it from her suitcase to reveal her navy-blue leggings, still dry. She had forgotten she packed these. Still, as Tori slid her legs into the pants, she knew they wouldn’t stay dry for long.

Likewise, Lilly slipped on a pair of frayed jean shorts. No need to wear something inconspicuous, as the way home would just be her, Tori, and Tori’s mother, all of whom had already shared more than one accident with her. Lilly still shuddered from the experience in the shower. This entire trip proved quite the awakening experience for her. However, she hoped to remain nothing but Tori’s best friend, with the freedom to share a special moment together every now and again. She hoped Tori felt the same way.

Both girls finished off the rest of the complimentary waters in their room’s minifridge before heading towards the lobby. As they took their place in the check-out line, Lilly nudged Tori.

“Look he’s right there! I didn’t see him and the other girl together at all today. This may be your chance!”

Tori looked up to notice her crush a few spots ahead of them in line. However, when her eyes rested on him, the flutter in her chest had vanished. Instead, a slight twinge poked within her bladder. She liked that feeling better.

“Ehhh,” whispered Tori towards her friend. “Not my type.”

Lilly laughed and playfully rolled her eyes. Tori’s mother soon joined the girls in line, donning a fresh pair of dark blue jeans. She paid for the rooms and walked with the girls outside to the car. They got in, buckled up, and sat on the familiar towels.

“Do you girls want to stop for food?” Tori’s mother asked. “We could get some slushies too?”

Tori and Lilly’s heads shot up. Both pairs of lips smiled. “Alright, we’ll stop by this Sonic on the way out!” decided Tori’s mother.

A drive-thru wait time later, each passenger received their respective slushy flavor and meal.

“We’re still technically on the trip, so we can eat dessert first!” chimed Tori’s mother as she sucked down the slushy.

Tori and Lilly happily agreed. They slurped on the straws and sipped the sweet syrupy soft drink until the cups emptied. Tori continued to sip on the residual water as the remaining ice melted.

The sugary beverages did not take long to traverse downwards into the girls’ bladders. Less than half an hour into the trip, Tori could already feel the pressure pushing against her organs. Neither of the girls had eaten their food yet; their bulging bladders distracted them from their appetites. She almost relaxed and let it flow, but her mother suddenly spoke up.

“Do you girls mind stopping at this next rest stop? That way we can eat at one of the picnic tables? Also,

I could use a bathroom break.”

Tori reluctantly slammed shut her muscles. She glanced over towards Lilly, who returned a solemn look of disappointment. Perhaps they wouldn’t get to wet one more time on the trip. Tori’s mother exited the interstate, pulling into the rest stop. She parked and the girls emerged from the car and approached the nearest picnic table. Tori and Lilly sat down on one side and unrolled their sandwiches, but Tori’s mother continued onwards towards the bathrooms.

“I’ll be right back,” she said. “Do you girls need to go too?”

Lilly and Tori glanced towards each other. They seemed to telepathically communicate that, although they both needed to go, they did not want to yet.

“We’re fine,” answered Tori. It wasn’t quite a lie. Her mother nodded and walked towards the building.

A few bites later, Tori’s mother returned. “Those bathrooms were gross! I didn’t even bother using them. We can just go right here.”

A wave of adrenaline crashed through Tori’s chest. She nearly choked on her sandwich. That was all the permission she needed. As she took her next bite, she relaxed her muscles below. The familiar warm trickle escaped. The release she had grown to love spurted into her leggings, dribbling through the thin fabric and down her legs. She felt the warmth pool beneath her butt on the wooden park bench. Tori thought she could make out another faint hiss, joined by yet another soft gushing sound. Both her mother and Lilly just stared forward and continued eating their sandwiches as if nothing were happening. Tori thought she noticed Lilly’s lips quiver. Tori continued her nonchalant release, letting the pangs of pleasure flow through her body. The puddle on the bench pooled over the edge and dripped onto the concrete, forming her own homemade waterfall. Soon the source of the river dried up - but

Tori wasn’t finished. She pushed her bladder, gushing out another final yet brief torrent of warmth.

Soon only crumbs remained on her sandwich wrapper. Her mother and Lilly finished shortly after.

“Alright you girls ready?” asked her mother.

“One second,” Lilly muttered. She shifted slightly, but stayed silent for a few seconds. Tori thought she noticed a light splatter.

Finally, Lilly chirped, “Ok, I’m ready!”

“Me too,” replied Tori.

They each stood up and approached the car. Tori straggled behind for a moment. She looked back at the table to see three puddles glistening on the wooden benches. Tori’s mouth creased into a smile, aware of what had just transpired. She followed her friend into the car and rode home, bringing back with her someone to share in the experiences of her secret habit.

== Track Meets ==

The pitter-patter of running shoes bounced atop the synthetic rubber track. Bare legs crisscrossed within a swarm of strides. Tori sat in the grass on the edge of the track with the other team managers, jotting down the times and paces of the athletes. The massive round water jug stood next to her, having just been refilled by Tori herself. She smiled as she saw her friend Lilly round the corner and complete another lap. Lilly was the athletic friend between the two of them; in fact her times frequently topped the list of the girls’ varsity team. Such accomplishments revealed themselves in her fit runner’s legs, which she showed off every chance she got, no matter the weather. On the other hand, Tori’s talents existed elsewhere. Her book-smarts surpassed her physical prowess - but still wanting to contribute to the sports team, she had signed up as a track manager. This allowed her to still feel a part of the team while enjoying the warming spring air.

Five other team managers sat with her - two others for the girls, three for the boys. Keeping track of everyone’s times would prove a steep task for just one person. Tori observed her team, which of course included Lilly. In the month and some change since their class field trip, Tori and Lilly had somehow grown even closer. Perhaps their new shared interest contributed, although they had not partaken in the secret act since. Nor did they speak of what else occurred on the trip. Not that they hadn’t shared any more intimate experiences together - but neither friend wanted to ruin what they had. Still, Tori was glad it happened. 

It had somehow awakened something deep within her, paralleling the slumbering beast of deliberate wetting that emerged last summer. Tori therefore appreciated her new role as manager even more - it was literally her job to stare at athletes in short-shorts, her eyes more often than not glued to her best friend’s lithe legs. Tori did not let these feelings restrain her, however, as she would also steal longing glances towards the boys, equally attracted to their revealing uniforms and muscular thighs.

The other managers stared too. “Oh look at him,” ogled fellow manager Alicia.

Tori laughed towards the black-haired Chinese classmate sitting beside her before also shifting her gaze towards the subject of her comments. ‘He is pretty hot,’ thought Tori, ‘Although not as hot as Lilly.’

After some time, Alicia unleashed another comment which piqued Tori’s interest. “What do they do if they have to pee during meets?”

The question excited Tori. She had often wondered the same thing. Tip-toeing on the line of secrecy,

Tori answered, “I don’t know, but if I were them I’d probably just let go.”

Alicia laughed, but surprisingly agreed. “Honestly me too! Every second counts! I couldn’t imagine racing on a full bladder.”

Of course this was merely another daily practice, and when the trackletes needed to relieve themselves, they would run towards the school building across the parking lot. Many of the runners would actually hold during the school day, purposely planning their bathroom breaks during practice as an excuse to take a brief hiatus from running. Tori turned her head to notice a group of girls running towards that direction at this very moment. Tori herself thought about getting up and following them. A slight pressure billowed below. She tilted her head downwards, her legs slightly spread and her crotch covered with black Nike shorts. The managers beside her diverted their full attention to the runners, and the grass would absorb any evidence. However, around all these people, Tori would still need to exercise caution. She rested her hand behind her, fingers lacing through the blades of grass, and leaned back slightly. She relaxed her muscles for a moment, allowing a warm spurt to trickle out, teasing her bladder.

She waited a few minutes before releasing another controlled gush, fully absorbing the sensation of warmth and relief before letting the next few drips escape.

Tori made this her habit during track practice. She never completely emptied herself, however - the other managers sat reaching-distance away from her, and she could not risk being discovered. However, one particular afternoon, Tori would no longer need to hide.

Tori, Alicia, and the other managers sat cross-legged in their usual spot in the grass, gulping down cup after cup of water from the public jug. The coach stood in front of them with her clipboard in hand.

Today was a longer practice in preparation for the weekend meet, so everyone had already been outside for over an hour. A flock of runners jogged from the track towards the school for their usual deliberately-scheduled bathroom break. Minutes later, the group returned, expressions of concern plastered on their faces. Tori could overhear as the group approached them and delivered the

'disappointing' news.

“Um, Coach, the school is locked.”

The coach muttered something inaudible under her breath before sighing. “It’s the new janitor. I forgot to tell him to leave the door open later for practice…”

“Well, do you have a key?” one of the runners anxiously prodded. Her shaking voice and squirming body revealed her desperation.

“I’m afraid not,” the coach solemnly uttered. The words prompted a wave of panic among the flock, who at this point did not bother concealing their potty-dances and crotch-grabbing. Tori secretly relished the predicament - perhaps it would present an opportunity. She peered over at the other runners, who guzzled down gulps of water, unaware said liquid would have no way to escape for another two hours at least.

The squirming girl let out another whimper before signaling, “I don’t think I can hold it for the rest of practice…” Sweat formed on her forehead, not from running. Other athletes in the group seemed to share in her predicament.

The coach examined her clipboard for no particular reason, her teeth biting her lower lip. “Well, given the circumstances, it’s okay if you guys treat this like a qualifying meet. Go ahead and tell anyone else who needs to go too.”

The runners appeared to understand, each of them acknowledging the apparent permission with a series of reluctant nods before running back towards the rest of the team.

Alicia gently swatted Tori’s shoulder. “Hey! Did you hear that? What do you think she meant?”

“I’m not sure,” answered Tori, although she had a pretty good idea, one she hoped was true.

The coach would soon confirm their suspicions. She looked up from her clipboard and glanced down towards the managers. “Same thing goes for you all. The bathrooms are locked today, and I know you’re not running and sweating, but you are sitting in the grass. So if you need to go… just go.”

Tori respected authority, especially when it allowed her to wet. She wouldn’t have to gradually release in secret today. The other managers peered at each other in confusion, but no one immediately protested. Once the coach walked away, Alicia perked up.

“So they do just wet themselves during meets, I knew it!” she victoriously declared. Her excitement soon dissipated though as reality struck. “Umm, I do really have to go though… I haven’t gone since lunch because I thought I could go during practice..”

Tori replied in a calm, collected tone. “Well, she said we could just do it here.”

“Yeah but it’s different for them! They’re all sweaty from running anyway! We’re completely dry!” protested Alicia as her pale legs fanned in and out.

Tori stayed seated, unfazed. “Well, I’m just gonna go,” she announced plainly, as if the decision did not affect her in the slightest.

Before Alicia registered the words, Tori was already unleashing the river. She continued recording times as she let the warm torrent gush straight into her blue athletic shorts. She took a brief break from timing to observe her crotch: the mesh fabric glowed a deeper hue, shining and blue, like the surface of the sea. As she released more and more of the hot liquid, the wet patch sparkled in the outside sunlight. The excess urine poured down the inside of her thighs and into the grass, caressing her skin in a gentle embrace along the way.

Alicia sat there, mouth agape. “Did… did you just…” She couldn’t even finish the sentence. Tori just glanced over at her fellow manager, her plain expression not offering any bit of concern.

“I had to,” she remarked rather unremarkably. “If you have to also, then just do it, I don’t mind.”

Alicia felt stunned by the nonchalance and carefree attitude of another 18-year-old deliberately wetting herself. Her own bladder yearned for the same relief, but her lifetime of bathroom compliance refused.

She instead squeezed her muscles and crossing one leg over the other, examining the trackletes running in their never-ending circle.

Tori watched too. Several times she nearly lost track of her time-keeping, as her attention instead focused on each of the runners’ shorts. She noticed some moisture dripping from one girl’s maroon spandex, far too much to simply be perspiration. Another one - this time a guy, with an obvious streak painted on his compression shorts. Tori squinted at yet another occurrence, as one of the girl runners stepped aside from the track, squatted down, and peed through her red Nike shorts before returning to the pack. No one wanted a pounding bladder to hinder their speeds; this practice would determine who got to participate in the weekend’s meet. Tori pushed out another burst of warmth to join in.

Alicia noticed too. “Dang, looks like quite a few of them are doing it,” she thought out loud, attempting to persuade herself that an impending accident was acceptable, especially as her bladder ballooned even further. Her arms wrapped tightly around her knees, and her teeth clenched together so hard that air couldn’t even flow through. She glanced at the other managers, besides Tori, for support. They offered little, some of them also needing a bathroom ASAP.

One of the guy managers suddenly blurted out “Screw this,” as he knelt on one knee, pulled aside the hems of his shorts, positioned his male parts, and let loose. The stream somehow threaded the needle, pouring into the grass while sparing his shorts. This event pushed Alicia over the edge. An involuntary warm tinkle spouted into her panties.

“Crap!” she cried out. “It’s coming, what do I do??”

The other managers remained silent, either quietly dealing with their own desperate battles or not needing to go, except for the guy who taunted the girls. “Looks like you ladies are gonna pee your pants!”

“No fair!” shouted Alicia. “We don’t have what you have!” The spout of anger resulted in a brief lapse of her holding - another spurt.

Alicia clutched herself with all her might. The crotch of her orange skort already sported a small shiny wet spot.

Tori took notice, offering the only support she could give. “It’s ok, I already went. You can do it too.”

Alicia tried to utter words of defiance, but only a whimper escaped. Finally, she gave in. “Okay, I’m gonna do it.”

She spread her legs slightly, revealing the shorts portion of her skort. Her head tilted towards her crotch, anxiously awaiting to inspect the damage. An audible exhale accompanied a shiny burst of wetness. It almost resembled a hot fireball against the orange fabric. As the wet flame amplified, so did the gasps from Alicia. “Ohhhh.. I..I..can’t believe this is happening…” she moaned. The warms dribbles overflowed the fabric, pouring straight into the grass. Some of it drizzled against the hem of the skirt portion of her skort.

“Better?” asked Tori.

Alicia paused, her usually pale cheeks now flushed bright red. “....Yeah.”

Eventually, with the blow of a whistle, the extended practice was finally over. The other managers who held on for the rest of practice rushed off to their cars without hesitation. No one seemed to care about

Tori and Alicia’s wet clothes, as a fraction of the track athletes opted to do the same. Many of them poured water over themselves with their bottles, effectively hiding any evidence. Alicia, obviously still embarrassed, remained seated beside Tori in the grass. A tall blonde in a black tank top and lime green spandex shorts jogged towards them.

“Hey Tori! Guess what!? I ran my fastest time yet! I’m sooo ready for the meet this weekend!” exclaimed Lilly.

Alicia shyly turned her head, avoiding eye contact with Lilly. Tori congratulated her friend. “Awesome!

You’re gonna kill it!”

“Yeah I almost can’t believe I did it! I had to pee so bad the whole time,” explained Lilly.

Tori’s ears shot up. “Well the coach told us…”

“I know,” interrupted Lilly. “I let a little out while I was running, but I still have a lot left.” After she finished her sentence, Lilly squatted down in front of Tori and spread her legs slightly. A darker green patch on the light green spandex already matched the hue of the grass. The spot suddenly grew larger as a cascade burst from Lilly’s shorts and poured into the earth.

As the urine continued to stream, Lilly continued to talk. “This feels so much better. The perks of being a track runner!” She grinned. So did Tori. Alicia peered towards Lilly, her eyes wide, silent. She clamped her knees together and clutched her shins.

“Yeah, same for us,” informed Tori, revealing the dark blue patch on her shorts. Alicia’s face somehow turned redder, but she stayed quiet.

Lilly chuckled. “Well I’m going to go talk with the coach really quick, then I’ll meet you at your car! You are still my ride, right?”

“Of course!” responded Tori. Lilly smiled and nodded. Her stream finally subsided and she stood back up, jogging back towards the other athletes, leaving a trail of drips on the grass.

Alicia finally spoke as she raised her butt off the ground and inspected the damage. “Ew, ugh, this is sooo gross!” she exclaimed, almost hyperbolic, as if trying to convince herself the words were true. Tori noticed the over-exaggerated tones - hopefully Alicia was not involved in the Drama Club, she thought.

The act was rather unconvincing.

“Well it’s better than holding it,” Tori said, both comforting and scouting.

Alicia returned a puzzled look as if not understanding how to completely comprehend the situation.

“Yeah.. See ya tomorrow,” she dryly uttered before speed-walking towards her car.

The next track practice played out similarly - the coach still forgot to alert the new janitor to keep the doors unlocked. Tori didn’t mind, again releasing where she sat.

“Not again!” complained Alicia, again with an overly-dramatic pitch in her voice. This time, she did not hesitate, despite her apparent reluctance.

She too let go, soaking her black spandex volleyball-style shorts along with Tori. Several athletes again let the river run with them.

Even in the following practices when the coach finally remembered to inform the janitor of the situation, some track athletes instead opted to let go as they ran, motivated either by convenience or the desire to beat their times uninterrupted, having already broken the seal of only doing so during meets. At least one runner would wet per practice without shame, which Tori saw as permission for herself to continue her unabashed habit.

And Alicia followed along. Tori noticed Alicia always wore the same black spandex shorts to practice. She would always mention her need - “I have to peeee!” - but would never get up. She would confirm that

Tori chose the more convenient option - “Have you gone yet?” - before letting go herself.

And thus Tori found herself another wet companion, and both girls purposefully wet during track practices and meets, accompanied by Lilly on some occasions. Tori never prodded Alicia further on why she chose to wet. Her shyness barely even allowed herself to mention such things to Lilly, her closest friend. Paired with Alicia’s own timid nature, the subject never verbally or explicitly arose - actions without words. Still, whatever the reason, the girls continued their naughty habit for the remainder of track season. Unfortunately, Tori and Alicia ran in different social circles, so the two failed to keep in touch following the end of the track season. Soon the semester would end and graduation would commence, causing Tori’s secret hobby to take a backseat to life events - at least until the summer.

== Graduation ==

The white-blue flashes of cameras left colored spots stained in Tori’s vision. Her face strained from smiling - as did her bladder muscles. At least she actually liked the latter pain - but with the itchy cap irritating her hair and scalp and the thick, heavy robe acting as an unwelcome blanket in the summer air,

Tori was anything but comfortable. She wasn’t alone.

“I thought graduation was supposed to be fun!” muttered Lilly through her fake-smiling teeth.

Tori responded, moving her mouth minimally so as to not ruin the photos. “I know… I guess one thing made it a little bit more fun,” referencing her intentional hold. Her and Lilly had both grown accustomed to secretly - and deliberately - wetting themselves. Whether it was purely out of convenience, pleasure, or some other deep hidden psychological trauma, neither of them knew why - nor cared. They did not speak of it often, rather resorting to solely acting on it. However, public and school stood in the way of this forbidden enjoyment. And thus, both girls had developed other ways to enjoy the clandestine habit.

This included holding and avoiding the bathroom throughout the day. The premise, like most of Tori’s wettings, did not emerge purely planned or premeditated. It began with a simple acknowledgement to her friend one day during a school assembly, just the three humble words:

“I have to pee.”

And of course her friend felt the same way. “Me too, but I’m just gonna hold it.”

The interaction was all the two needed to initiate another naughty secret. They held for the entire assembly and through every class, squirming in delight. Sometimes they would unleash the built-up pressure on the way home from school, sometimes not.

Today, although the end of high school, began the same as any other. “This ceremony is supposed to last like five hours,” Lilly complained as she pulled her form-fitting black dress over her.

“Yeah, it’s gonna suck,” Tori muttered, slipping into a more flowy floral sundress. “And I have to pee. I wonder if I can hold it the entire time.”

“Hmmm, I wonder if I can too!” chimed Lily, accepting the challenge.

And now over 5 hours later, here both girls stood, bladders bulging underneath their graduation robes.

Tori noticed Lilly wobble. She imagined her blonde friend was squirming her legs under the garment. It was then Tori remembered her mother’s words before the ceremony.

“Oh it’s a shame they make you cover your pretty dress with that ancient-looking robe! At least it hides certain...things.”

Tori didn’t worry about other parents or students overhearing the words. To anyone else, her mother might have been referring to an imperfection on the dress, not having to cross her legs, or any other more logical reason. However, Tori understood exactly what her mother meant. She knew Lilly heard the hidden permission as well, glancing towards her friend and telepathically confirming as much with a gleaming stare.

The words sat in the back of Tori’s mind. She really needed to pee, and could not afford holding herself on camera. But she didn’t have to. The next picture took place in the lawn in front of the school. Tori knew from experience that grass would hide any evidence. The students all stood in their assigned spots to pose for the camera, and the blades of grass tickling Tori's feet alerted her that she was safe.

And so without another moment of hesitation, she relaxed. The warm liquid, finally free, shot out of her. Her panties provided little protection - it immediately seeped through, dripping down her legs. Some drops absorbed into the skirt of her dress, but she did not care - the robe hid everything. Her knees pointed inwards under her robe as the hot fluid poured over them and drizzled onto the earth below. Some drops splattered against her sandaled feet. The secret relief injected her with sensations of pure bliss and ecstasy. All the while, Tori stood straight and relaxed, holding her diploma as if nothing were happening. Her posed smile was no longer fake.

Finally the last flash fizzled out. The students dispersed, joining their families. Lilly remained standing by

Tori, though.

“Ok, it’s over, I’m going to go now.”

Tori nodded as Lilly relaxed. Lilly’s shoulders rose and then dropped back down as she exhaled a deep breath. As the air released, so did the urine. Tori was the only one who noticed the pale liquid dripping from underneath her ankle-length robe into the grass, the only one who could hear the hiss and sighs of relief.

“Whew, finally. What about you?” Lilly asked.

“I already went. During the picture,” replied Tori sheepishly. Lilly just smiled.

* * * * * *

That night, Tori and Lilly attended a party along with a crowd of their graduating classmates. Having ditched the robes, Tori and Lilly stood in only their dresses, unconcealed. It didn’t matter; both girls had already gotten their wet fix today.

However, the alcohol would persuade them otherwise - especially for Tori. Lilly was no stranger to underage drinking; her athletic build and pretty blonde mane granted her a certain status, often prompting invites to house parties. Tori, on the other hand, never cared much for the scene. Her last drink had been under permission from her parents on vacation - and even then, it was only a few glasses of wine.

Thus, the mysterious mixed drink sloshing around Tori’s red solo cup immediately took effect. Although not drunk, her legs wobbled a tad, not used to the teetering effects the chemical had on her motor skills. Needing a break, she plopped down on one of the couches with a glass of water in hand. The rhythmic beat of a Bluetooth speaker intertwined with the layers of celebratory voices chatting away, many of them for the final time before college. As Tori’s buzz began to dissipate, her bladder began to fill. She wanted to just let it go right where she said, soaking her blue floral dress and the cushion. Even though so many people stood around the room, many of which would surely notice, Tori relaxed.

Suddenly another person planted down on the couch next to her. Tori frantically tensed up and squeezed shut her muscles, blocking the stream before it could start.

“For a last party, this is kinda lame,” commented Lilly.

Tori let out a sigh, relieved that her new couch-mate was just her friend, and also relieved that said friend snapped her out of a potentially embarrassing situation.

“Well I don’t know any better,” replied Tori, wearing her inexperience on her flowy dress's sleeve.

Lilly giggled. “Still, it’s a bit bittersweet, don’t ya think?”

Tori turned her head to face her friend. She noticed Lilly’s blue eyes sparkling. Her short black dress wrapped tightly around her fit curves and hiked up slightly to reveal a few more inches of her fit thighs.

Tori was surprised how sharply her inhibitions fell from just a few drinks - enough to nearly convince her to wet herself in front of everyone. But now the nearly diminished judgment made her want to do something else. She leaned forward towards Lilly, her lips pursed.

“Whoa there!” warned Lilly, dodging the attempted kiss. “Tori, are you drunk?”

Tori’s cheeks felt like stovetops. “No.. It’s just… I don’t know.. I keep wanting to just give in. I think I’m just… overwhelmed.”

Despite avoiding her friend’s move, Lilly wrapped her arm around Tori. “It’s okay! It’s not that I didn’t want to… I do, but not here, not now!”

The words caressed Tori. She confessed more. “I also almost went. Right here.”

“Geez Tori, no wonder you never drink, you’re losing all self-control!” However, Lilly uttered the words playfully, harmlessly. “I mean I’ve been holding all night too, but time and place girl!” Lilly twisted her legs around each other.

“Maybe it’s just my comfort zone. I mean, our lives are about to drastically change.” Tori surprised herself with her own self-diagnosis.

“Maybe,” replied Lilly. “But we’ll have plenty of chances, after all, we’re both going to the same school!

Plus, you don’t want to embarrass yourself tonight, Tristin has been staring at you all night!”

Tori’s eyes suddenly expanded upon hearing the name of her former crush. “Really?”

Lilly laughed. “Yes! He told me! Plus he’s not dating what’s-her-butt anymore!”

Tori glanced towards Tristin, catching him mid-stare. Her heart fluttered. She looked once more back at

Lilly, resting her hand on her friend’s trembling bare knee. “But…?”

Lilly gently grasped Tori’s hand and moved it off of her. “It’s okay. Go get him!”

* * * * * * * * *

The next thing Tori knew, her lips were pressed against Tristin's in one of the guest bedrooms. They both stood near the door, neither of them yet nearing the bed, both inexperienced. Tristin’s hands traversed

Tori’s trembling body. She clutched her crotch - both out of pleasure and necessity, as her need to pee had only increased. However, lost in the lustful embrace of her crush, Tori abandoned all care. She fully relaxed, letting the liquid pour out of her. It instantly soaked her already moist panties before also saturating the spandex shorts she wore over them. She still held her crotch from over her dress, causing the floral fabric to also soak up the urine and warm her hand.

Tristin’s hands continued exploring, his fingers soon descending down Tori’s dress. Feeling the warm wetness, he flinched.

“Umm.. what’s this..?”

Tori came to her senses. Panicking, she blurted out the first thing she could think of.

“I’m just really turned on. That’s what happens when you make a girl wet!” She bit her lip, knowing the obvious lie would fail.

But it succeeded. Tristin, despite often displaying a façade of a player, had never actually gotten this far before. The innocent 18-year-old believed Tori, and the two continued making out profusely. After a while, Tristin timidly asked, “Should we?”

* * * * * *

Tori and Lilly walked back to Tori’s house under the midnight moon. Tori was glad her parents had finally gotten an actual house in the neighborhood near her friends, although she wished they had done so before she graduated. The two girls gossiped about the night’s occurrences, lingering on Tori’s experience with Tristin in the bedroom. Lilly limped along the way, still holding from the party. Soon they reached Tori’s doorstep.

“Still okay if I spend the night?” confirmed Lilly.

“Of course!” answered Tori. However, as she gripped the doorknob, it wouldn’t turn.

“No key?” asked Lilly, still squirming.

“Nope. My mom said she would leave it unlocked for us…” Tori sat down on one of the porch chairs.

Lilly took a seat on the other. “I’ll just call her. She should have her ringtone on.”

“Well, I’m not waiting,” Lilly plainly stated. Tori looked over to see the waterfall pouring through the slits in the chair and puddling on the concrete beneath Lilly. With the way she sat, Lilly’s pee soaked through the back of her tight black dress. However, she didn’t seem to care, exhaling loudly as the urine hissed out of her.

Tori wanted to do the same, as she never quite emptied her entire bladder, but before she could the door opened.

“Oh I’m sorry girls, I forgot to leave it unlocked. Good thing I was still awake!” exclaimed Tori’s mother.

She glanced at Lilly, noticing the expansive puddle spread across the concrete porch.

“Oh did I keep you waiting long? I’m so sorry!”

“It’s okay, Mrs. Franklin!” assured Lilly. “I just felt like it.” Lilly’s honestly shocked Tori.

Tori’s mother nodded, understanding. She turned towards Tori. “What about you honey? Do you need to go too before you come in?”

The comment proved quite forward for Tori with her friend sitting right there. Of course they had all wet in each other’s presence before, but this seemed different. The other times all had an excuse. Now Tori could simply just walk inside and use the bathroom; there was no need or circumstance that would justify an 'accident' right now. Her mom’s strange fascination again perplexed Tori - but the lingering levels of endorphins from the eventful party persuaded Tori to brush off any misgivings and just give in.

She nodded towards her mother before relaxing. The warm gush sizzled into her panties for the third time of the day. It immediately soaked through the second layer of spandex shorts as well. She didn’t even bother moving her dress, allowing it to soak the drizzles on her legs and letting the stream splatter against its hem before puddling at her feet. The dark patch on the concrete intersected with Lilly’s. In mere moments, Tori was drained. Without another word, the girls walked inside and went to bed.

== Gifts ==

Tori retreated to her room, finally free of the mosh pit of a graduation party her parents threw her. Not that she didn’t appreciate the horde of cousins, aunts, uncles, and other relatives and the gifts they gave, but the chaotic crowd overwhelmed the newly graduated student. She was happy to have a quiet moment to herself.

Tori thought she had already received all the possible gifts to celebrate her transition from high school to college - more than she expected to get, nonetheless. However, as she slipped on her pink pajama bottoms, she noticed an unfamiliar object sitting on her bed. It resembled any other present - wrapped in paper with a bow stapled on top - but the wrapping paper glittered and gleamed a golden glow. She almost hesitated to tear off the pretty paper. But of course curiosity broke through as she ripped the covering off the briefcase-sized box. Once opened, the inside revealed a folded envelope neatly placed over a clear bag containing a few sets of plastic sheets. Tori unfastened the envelope and read the card:

Tori,

I can’t believe you’ve already graduated! It seems like just the other day I was still feeding you the bottle, carrying you around, and watching you take your first steps. I’m going to miss you tons when you go off to college! I know you’re a big girl now, but remember, accidents still happen… And this is your last summer at home, and I know you’ve always been such a well behaved girl, but it’s okay to let loose a little before you run off to college! So enjoy this gift - just put it over your bed and don’t worry about anything. This can just be between us!

Love you lots,

Mom

Tori didn’t know what to make of the letter and gift. A torrent of varying emotions rushed through her.

She eagerly tore off the packaging and pulled out the new sheets, thrilled to use her new gift. However, a tingling of needles poked at her neck and the back of her head, drilling into her brain. Why was her mother being so… forward? Blunt? Interested in her daughter’s bathroom habits? Of course Tori and her mother had always shared some kind of unspoken secret interest in having ‘accidents,’ but this present and the letter somehow escalated the situation to another level. Usually, Tori and her mother’s accidents had been relegated to special occasions or extenuating circumstances - or at least some kind of excuse. Well, besides last time… Either way, that side of Tori’s life was usually always separated from her home life. Was her mother now giving her daughter permission to freely wet at home? Whenever she wanted?

The excitement won. Tori again pushed out any feelings of skepticism or doubt of her mother’s intentions or mental state, instead replacing them with a rush of exhilaration. As she pulled out any lingering uncanny emotion, she yanked off her old sheets and encased her mattress in its new protective coating, eagerly anticipating her first trial run of a normal, everyday ‘accident.’ Tori then rushed to the kitchen and returned to her room with a full glass of water. By the time she fell asleep, the glass was empty.

Tori woke in the middle of the night to a full bladder. She began to roll out of bed to instinctively head towards the bathroom, but the crinkle of the plastic mattress cover reminded her of last night’s gift. Tori rolled back over onto her back and stared at the ceiling. She let her muscles relax, slowly receding as the stream neared the opening. Right before it poured out, Tori flexed and shut her muscles, pausing. She stood over the edge of a new threshold - laying in her own bed, no excuse. But perhaps there was. Tori did indeed feel warm and cozy, so much so that rising from her bed might wake her up, rendering it near impossible to return to her slumber. Tori relaxed again, this time without hesitation. Warmth pooled around her body. The plastic covering separated the liquid from her mattress. With nowhere else to go, it soaked into the blanket and her clothes, nearly up to her shoulder blades. The mesmerizing relief allowed Tori’s body to fully and completely relax, and soon enough, she drifted back to sleep.

The morning played out the same. Tori woke with some liquid left in her bladder. Still wet from her midnight release, the decision was easy. Her bed rewarmed as her body relaxed. With her comforter over top and her back lying in her puddle, Tori imagined herself soaking neck-deep in a hot tub. The morning sun shining through her window signified the first official day of summer, but Tori chose to stay in bed a bit longer. She spent hours lounging on the soft surface, scrolling through various videos on her phone. Her muscles remained relaxed the entire time. The hot spurts escaped unimpeded, prolonging the pleasure of relief. Eventually, Tori drained to the point that her new spurts of warmth could no longer keep up with the cooling bed, which she took as a sign to finally get up. She peeled off the saturated sheets, replaced them with another set, and tossed them in the dryer. She then hopped in the shower, still clothed, cleaning both herself and her pajamas before hanging them to dry in the shower.

Tori’s new daily summer routine followed a similar path. She continued wetting the bed every night and morning, doing the laundry every few days as she cycled through each set of protective sheets. Some days she would even skip cleaning if she didn’t notice any smell. It soon reached the point where Tori preferred the bed to the bathroom, which resulted in her holding until bedtime on days where she stayed in.

While the summer often led to outdoor activities with friends, sometimes Tori preferred lazy stay-athome days. After all, college would prove to be a chaotic rush of new events, so might as well soak up doing absolutely nothing as long as she could. Her mother’s job allowed her to work from home, so while her mother typed away at the living room desk, Tori would watch shows or surf through social media on her computer in her room. However, her mind now associated her room with letting go, only adding to the already mountainous difficulty of holding all day.

One particular afternoon, as Tori sat at her desk, clicking her mouse, an intense tide of desperation struck her. The pounding pressure taunted her, and Tori knew waiting until night time would prove impossible. She thought about “taking a nap” and letting loose on her waterproof sheets. ‘But why?’ thought Tori. She shifted in her seat. Leather Chair. She clapped her bare feet against the floor.

Hardwood flooring. Her environment seemed to beg for her to let it all out right here. If she essentially had permission to wet her bed already, then how is doing the same to her chair any different?

Her brain was convinced. She reclined back in her seat with her feet resting on the desk. As she continued watching the current episode of her show unfold, she released. A long, hot spurt gushed its way free, soaking into her shorts. Tori quickly hit pause and glanced down at her lap. An obvious patch adorned her shorts. No going back now, she thought, fully relaxing. She hit play on the show as her stream poured out. With the way she sat, some of the warm liquid nearly reached her belly button before trickling down the sides of her waist and onto the chair. She couldn’t help but close her eyes and utter a soft moan as her mind morphed into mush. A series of splatters echoed under her desk as the urine dripped off the chair onto the wood floor. Once the stream slowed, Tori examined the damage.

Everything from her shirttail downwards had completely soaked. She felt content. Looking back at the computer screen, Tori had to rewind a few minutes. She emptied the rest of her bladder as she finished the episode.

Right as the next episode commenced, a knock thumped on the door. Tori suddenly jolted in her stillsoaked seat. Before she could attempt to hide anything, her mom walked in.

“Tori, honey, I noticed you started another load of laundry this morning.”

Every nerve in Tori’s body froze. Goosebumps stabbed through her skin. She turned her head towards her mother, trying to reveal as little of her damp body as possible.

“I’ve also been needing to use the washing machine more than usual, much for the same reason I suspect! So I just wanted to tell you to just throw your sheets - or whatever else - in the new yellow hamper I bought. Then I’ll just throw both our loads in at once to save on water!”

Tori’s shoulders retreated to their previous relaxed position, but she still remained on high alert.

“Umm, okay mom, sounds like a plan.”

But she continued.

“Yeah and don’t worry about the smell, there’s a lid on the hamper, and plus the cat’s litter box is in the laundry room, so that’ll mask anything too!”

From who? Guests? Her father? Tori gazed back at her mother, a tad perplexed, but she nodded her head as if she understood. The prospect of getting to continue her current habit still overpowered the weird feelings that yearned to protest - or at least ask any questions. Tori then noticed the sprawling wet patch that completely covered the front of her mother’s shorts.

Tori almost said something, but her mom noticed her daughter’s incident as well, staring at the puddle underneath the swiveling chair.

“Oh Tori, honey, you should have told me! I have seat covers you could use, that’s what I’ve been doing!”

“Really?” Tori croaked.

The urge to address the oddity of their habit had vanished, replaced with the eagerness of receiving explicit permission to continue wetting on her chair.

“Yeah, here, I’ll go get one for you.” She walked out of the room.

Tori sat in silence. Her eyebrows furled together, but her mind didn’t know what to think. As she shifted in her chair, a gush of liquid still pooled on the seat swept to the floor, the soft drops dripping into the puddle below serving as the only sound in the room. Eternity seemed to pass in the deafening chamber.

Finally, Tori’s mother returned, holding a plastic seat cover.

“Here, Tori. You can use this for next time.”

Tori accepted the second accident-related gift from her mother. “Thanks, mom.”

Her mother nodded, smiled, and returned to the living room. Tori set aside the seat cover and again hit play on her episode.

45 minutes later, Tori grabbed a towel, mopping up her puddle and wiping off the chair. She walked past the living room towards the laundry room, tossing the wet towel into the new yellow hamper. Tori saw it was already about a third full - a pair of sheets, similar to her own, sat at the bottom. Walking back at her room, Tori stopped in the living room and looked over towards her mother. Sure enough, a plastic seat cover draped over the chair as her mother typed and clicked. A puddle sat pooled under the chair, and Tori thought she could see ripples along its surface. She continued walking to her room and surrounded her chair with her new seat cover before sitting down and returning to her show. She added yet another layer to her habit - one that would continue on throughout the summer.

== Camping ==

Like most mornings, Tori awoke wet. But this time, she did not greet the feeling with enthusiasm. Her mind overflowed with guilt. Shame. Embarrassment. Her dad had found the yellow hamper where Tori and her mother kept their wet evidence before washing. He saw Tori standing in the kitchen in wet shorts. He discovered it was more than just a streak of incontinence or string of accidents, rather something more. Instead of questioning her mother’s antics or talking straight, Tori had simply gone along with the game. She was addicted.

Before she turned out of bed, she could make out a faint conversation in the other room - perhaps what had woken her. It was her father’s voice. She could barely hear exactly what he said, hardly making out the last few words:

“....wait until she leaves for college.”

Wait for what? Hearing the words only confused Tori more. Whatever it all meant, Tori’s life somehow remained normal… well, normal by her standards. Her mom continued to openly wet herself during the day, and Tori slowly returned to the same taboo habit. Both of them still used the yellow hamper for the rest of the summer. Tori’s father seemed to completely ignore the situation, pretending not to know - or care - that his wife and daughter would deliberately wet themselves at will. Whatever the reason, Tori also went back to brushing off any inhibitions towards her habit. She resumed her purposeful accidents for the remainder of the summer.

* * * * *

A cool breeze rattled the trees above and gave Tori’s skin a break from the scorching summer air. Ashes and coals sputtered in the firepit in front of her, expelling tiny tufts of smoke which still lingered from the previous night’s blaze. Tori sat on one of the lawn chairs surrounding the fire, sipping her morning coffee. The slam of a camper door against shaking aluminum prompted Tori to look up from the smoldering embers.

“Morning sunshine!” joked her friend Lilly, poking fun at Tori’s slumped posture on the chair.

Tori returned the teasing greeting with a smile. She was happy Lilly’s family let her tag along on their family camping trip. The wilderness excursion provided a much-needed escape for her. Her friend’s friendly voice went on.

“We’re going down to the creek soon,” explained Lilly.

Her oversized T-shirt served as a casual cover-up over her bikini, and her hat resting over her blonde locks and sandals around her feet portrayed that she too was river-ready. Tori’s own bikini top rested beneath her shirt, but she still wore panties below her shorts.

“Alright, I’ll meet you guys down there,” Tori replied.

Lilly nodded, and minutes later she left with her family to walk towards the campground creek entrance, tugging a wagon-full of beach chairs, towels, sunscreen, drinks, and snacks.

Tori now had a few moments to herself, accompanied only by the chirping birds and buzzing insects in the trees above. She still hadn’t taken her morning bathroom break, and the coffee was already begging to take its place. Being out in nature definitely had its fair share of perks, including concealing any evidence of her habit. Tori glanced over at the other lawn chairs. A combination of morning dew and midnight sprinkling left small puddles on the seat. Convinced this veil would suffice, Tori relaxed. The first delightfully comforting spurt trickled into her panties, a warm welcome to the morning. Tori pushed her muscles to continue the stream until the warmth flowed into her blue Nike shorts on its own. A navy blue spot crawled against the cerulean fabric. The liquid momentarily pooled beneath her butt before dripping through the seams of the lawn chair and into the earth. Tori leaned her head back, the soft sounds of drips against dirt soothing her eardrums as she let out the final spurts.

After a few minutes of sitting in the wet chair, Tori got up and tilted the seat over, pouring off any remaining puddles until it resembled the other dew-dampened chairs. She then happily trotted towards the creek with everyone else.

* * * * * *

Tori arrived at the rocky shore of the crisp, clear creek. She saw the backs of Lilly’s parents’ heads sitting in beach chairs in the shallow waters near the shore. Lilly stood knee-deep in the water, her bikini revealing her tan, fit body on full display, much to Tori’s delight. Lilly yelped as her little brother splashed the chilling waters against her bare flesh.

Tori pulled off her shirt to uncover her own bikini top, but she kept on her still-wet shorts and panties.

She needed to hide the evidence asap, so she immediately plopped herself down in the shallow waters behind Lilly’s parents, her shorts soaking up the crisp water and masking any prior wet spots. Once satisfied that her act was hidden, Tori announced her presence.

“Hey!”

Lilly’s parents greeted her.

“Hey Tori! Glad you could join us! We brought some extra water and soda in the cooler, feel free to grab whatever you want!”

Tori happily obliged. Lilly turned around to face her friend.

“Tori! Why’d you leave your shorts on silly?”

Tori smirked. This morning’s wetting wouldn’t be the only one of the day, and Tori knew from experience that wetting in a swimsuit just wasn’t the same, hence why she opted to keep on her regular bottoms. She felt it would be best if Lilly came to the same conclusion on her own - less to explain out loud. She joined Lilly and her brother in the water, simply replying to her friend with,

“I’ll explain later.”

Both girls eventually decided to dry off and get some sun. Still dripping from the cool creek water, they sat on the shore and sipped on their drinks. Tori’s bladder alerted her that the second release of the day was near.

“Remember what you said about swimming?” asked Tori as she acted out an obvious squirm-fidget, referencing Lilly’s previous observation that swimming seemed to make her have to pee quicker.

Lilly understood.

“Yep! And it’s still true! I’m still wet anyway, so might as well…”

The blonde sighed, the skimpy bikini top over her chest inflating and deflating. A hot trickle of pee replaced the chilling creek water in her bottoms. The tiny patch of fabric did little to block the flow, as urine freely gushed through her bottoms. Her knees smushed together as she released, and she uttered a soft moan under her breath out of earshot of her parents.

Seeing her friend like this, Tori knew it was time for her join in as well. As soon as she relaxed, a warm gush somehow made her already-wet shorts even wetter. The pulsing relief rendered her skin hypersensitive, allowing to feel every bit of sunshine on her flesh, every bit of water droplets evaporating off her skin, every goosebump from the cool breeze, and of course, every warm tingle against her groin as the piss caressed her lady parts.

Tori lifted her soggy butt off the ground to examine the evidence. Sure enough, the rocky sand absorbed most of it, causing it to look no different than a regular wet spot caused by a creek swimmer wet from the water.

Lilly leaned towards her friend, speaking softly.

“I think I know why you’re still wearing shorts. Going in my bikini was still nice, but… it just wasn’t the same.”

Tori smiled, happy her friend came to the same conclusion.

“Yeah, some things are supposed to get wet. Not as fun.”

No more words were spoken of the matter, that was enough for them to understand each other. Both girls grinned at each other’s mutual awareness, leaning back on the warm shore to bask in both the sun’s rays and their shared secret.

* * * * *

The next day, with their new revelation, both girls walked towards the creek, still clothed. Lilly wore an orange T-shirt over a pair of short jean shorts, and Tori wore her gray T-shirt and own denim shorts.

“Where’re your swimsuits?” asked Lilly’s mother.

“Oh, we both got a little burnt yesterday,” lied Lilly. Tori nodded, backing up her friend.

Lilly’s mother seemed to buy it. Her father joked, “Yeah near, don’t you know modest is hottest?”

The girls shook their heads at the dad-joke, but couldn’t resist the grin that crept against their mouths.

Lilly and Tori lounged on the shore and depleted a can of soda and bottle of water each. Lilly turned her head upstream, observing the creek.

“Hey Tori, wanna go explore upstream a bit?”

Tori noticed the river bend around a shield of trees. She knew exactly what Lilly was thinking.

“Sounds good to me,” she answered. They both rose to their feet and stepped into the creek, their feet perfectly visible through the crisp, clear water. Their bare legs sloshed onwards against the current.

Soon both girls waded beyond the bend, concealed by the trees. The water’s mid-thigh depth refreshingly lapped against their legs. Tori looked ahead towards Lilly, a few blonde strands of her hair flowing in the light wind. The sunlight reflected against the river’s ripples, providing a beautiful backdrop against her even more beautiful friend. The perfect surroundings urged Tori to let go - so she did. The exquisite release soaked itself into Tori’s panties and shorts. The warmth pooled inside the crotch of her shorts, caressing her lady parts in a comforting embrace, until the denim could take no more. While the creek flowed across her legs, her own stream flowed down them. It dribbled into the water, the soft trickle resembling the sound of a gentle fountain.

Lilly noticed the familiar sound. She turned around to see a waterfall emerging from the darkened streaks against the denim of Tori’s shorts. Lilly smiled towards her friend before also easing the twinge in her bladder. A faint hiss joined with a new warmth filling the fabric around her hips. Her shorts soon transformed into a similar shade as Tori’s. Lilly’s own stream snaked down her long legs and joined the creek, warming the waters around her. It flowed down the current towards Tori, who felt the higher temperature waters surround her legs.

Both girls stared in silent awe at the dark patches remaining on each other’s shorts, providing a visual reminder for the physical act they both secretly shared together. Lilly took in one last look at both her and Tori’s soiled shorts before uttering,

“Welp, only one way to hide it!”

She then slowly lowered her body into the crisp water, letting the water freely traverse through the fabric, cleansing it of any evidence of pee. The surface submerged Lilly’s shoulders. The water altered the orange shirt into an even brighter, bolder hue, and with the current flowing the cloth about, Lilly looked as though she were surrounded by a radiant orange flame wisping in the water.

Tori joined it, submerging herself and re-drenching her urine-soaked shorts. She continued lowering her body, her shirt now floating around her, until only her head peaked above the surface. With only their heads visible, Tori couldn’t help but chuckle.

“We look like two moles!”

Lilly giggled.

“Speak for yourself!” she teased, rising up from the water and splashing her friend.

Tori fought back, producing her own mini tidal wave which crashed over Lilly, drenching her hair. Both girls laughed and frolicked in the creek, as if returning to their secret water hole back home, reverting full into their childlike and carefree fun.

Soon, the ripples ceased as both of them calmed, laying down their arms. Tori breathed deeply as droplets trickled down her face - a mixture of river water and sweat from the exertive splash-fight. They both couldn’t resist a wide smile. Lilly lifted her feet off the creek bed, un-anchoring her body and allowing herself to float forwards towards Tori. Tori caught her friend in her arms.

“Whoops, wasn’t me, it was the creek’s fault!” joked Lilly.

Tori, still holding her friend, just beamed before replying a sarcastic “Surrrre!”

They both realized how only a few centimeters stood between both of their faces. Lilly’s legs straddled

Tori’s torso. Tori didn’t know how it happened - one moment, they both gazed into each other’s blue eyes, the next moment their mouths were massaging against each other. Tori lost herself in the gentle lips of her friend. Still immersed in the kiss, Tori suddenly felt a warmth against her stomach where

Lilly’s crotch pressed against her, until the warm cloud soon dispersed and diluted in the creek’s current.

Tori also let the last bit of her water flow out, her urine spreading out and floating downstream.

Suddenly, a nearby splashing jolted both girls back to reality. Tori quickly kicked against the creek bed, thrusting her body through the water and away from Lilly. “Oh there you two are!” said Lilly’s brother, a pair of goggles planted over his eyes. He didn’t seem to notice what his sister and her friend were doing, much to the girl's relief. The three of them swam with the current back to their spot on the shore. Lilly and Tori, still in soggy clothes, sat on shore and sipped a couple more sodas. With what they both planned to do the rest of the day, it would take a while to dry.

* * * * *

That night, Tori, Lilly, and Lilly’s family sat encircled around the blazing campfire. A pair of hotdogs blistered in the flames, stabbed through a skewer held by Tori.

“Spin them! They’re gonna burn!” yelped Lilly’s brother.

“Oh shut up! She knows what she’s doing. They’re better when they’re charred a little, anyway,” explained Lilly, coming to her friend’s defense.

Tori smiled. A warmth sparked in her chest, independent of the fire.

A few devoured hotdogs and drinks later, Lilly’s parents decided to turn in.

“Alright, it’s getting late, time for bed!” they said. “Make sure you girls wait until the last log burns.”

Lilly’s brother had passed out in his chair, and after a tap on his shoulder from his mother, he too zombie-walked to the camper with his parents.

“I’m not even close to being tired yet!” exclaimed Lilly to Tori.

“Yeah, honestly I’d rather stay out here later, not like I sleep well in that tent anyway,” replied Tori.

Her and Lilly shared the tent since there wasn’t enough room in the family’s two-bed sleeper camper.

A few moments of silence passed, broken only by the crackle of the fire. Tori spoke first.

“Thanks again for asking your parents to let me come. I really needed this,” thanked Tori.

“You’re welcome girl!” chimed Lilly. “...How’s, you know, everything?”

Tori updated her friend on the situation back home, from the fighting to her father’s findings, and how they seemed to return to an awkward, unspoken normal for now.

“I’m sorry Tori. Just know that you’re welcome with us any time. I love you!”

Lilly then rose up from her chair and sat on Tori’s lap, hugging her friend.

The inner warmth again blazed inside Tori’s chest. She hugged back. After the embrace, Lilly remained cuddled on Tori’s lap, her head resting on Tori’s shoulder, and her legs draped over Tori on the opposite arm rest. Tori’s left arm supported Lily’s back, while the other arm rested against Lilly’s thighs. Tori became hyper-aware of the flesh-to-flesh contact of her wrist resting on her friend’s warm, smooth legs.

“So how’s it going with Tristin? You guy still talking?” asked Lilly.

Tori paused before answering.

“Oh, I mean, we texted a few days after the party. But since we’re going to different schools and all…. I just didn’t see the point.”

Tori wanted to explain how she couldn’t bring herself to reveal her habit to Tristin, something necessary for her to feel completely open.

“Oh well. There’ll be other guys at college. Plus, you got me!” flirted Lilly, a sly smirk sliding on her lips.

“I know,” murmured Tori, holding her friend tighter, closer. “I regret not signing up to be roommates.”

“Me too sometimes,” replied Lilly.

“But they say it’s better to have a stranger. That way we don’t get mad at each other, and we can expand our friend group easier!”

Was there a hidden implication behind those last few words? Tori didn’t push it. Instead, she vocalized a different set of feelings.

“I know we don’t talk about it a lot, but, I love… what we have,” anxiously clambered Tori.

She meant their close, sometimes-more-than-friends friendship, along with their shared habit. Tori hoped Lilly understood both.

“Me too,” whispered Lilly, her mouth close to Tori’s ear.

The soft murmur massaged Tori’s eardrums.

“That reminds me,” Lilly continued, “I have to pee.”

She did understand. After a brief pause, Tori gave her friend permission. “Ok, you can let it go.”

Lilly’s soft gasp tickled the inside of Tori’s ear canal. A hiss joined the crackling of the fire. A new warmth joined the flame's heat. Lilly’s liquid lusciously leaked through her pajama shorts, soaking onto Tori’s lap and getting absorbed by her own pajama shorts. The hot drips slithered everywhere - Lilly’s legs, Tori’s legs, Lilly’s lap, Tori’s lap, Lilly’s crotch, Tori’s crotch.

Tori moaned from her friend’s hot piss pouring over her now throbbing privates.

“I’m.. I’m going to go too…” Tori whimpered through another moan.

Sure enough, she relaxed, immediately drenching her shorts in her own urine as well. Tori released all her stresses about home life, all her anxieties and fears about her life’s next chapter, all her inhibitions - everything. She released it all in a scorching tidal wave into her shorts. It puddled and pooled on the chair, joining with Lilly’s pre-existing pond, before cascading off the vinyl seat and into the ground below.

Tori felt Lilly’s body go limp. She too felt completely content, drained of everything. Lilly’s head, still resting against Tori’s shoulder, tilted up to gaze at Tori’s face. Tori tilted her head down to meet her friend’s eyes. She suddenly became aware of how close their lips were. Now they were closer. And closer. Now they were touching. Now they were kissing. Lilly’s hand caressed Tori’s cheek, and Tori gently gripped Lilly’s thigh. Their lips intertwined, their tongues twirled, as Tori took it the taste of her friend.

Soon both girls disappeared into the tent, transforming into a pair of shadows locked in a darkening embrace. The two silhouettes morphed into one within the firelit walls of the tent.

== Roll Credits ==

Tori shuffled through the row, careful not to spill the jumbo bucket of popcorn. Lilly followed closely behind, each hand clutching a large soda. Both friends normally preferred to watch their movies at home. However, a specific extenuating circumstance tempted both girls to take their viewership to the cinema. New owners recently purchased the local movie theater. As they did with other locations, they planned to renovate all the showrooms, replacing the old felt chairs with reclining leather seats. This provided an opportunity for both girls. Normally too ethical to burden the public with deliberately damaging wettings, fate had presented Tori and Lilly a free pass.

Just that morning, the two friends subconsciously concocted the plans.

“Hey Tori,” said Lilly, laying on her stomach on her bed with her phone in both hands. “I just saw online that the theater is getting renovated soon. Today’s the last day they’re open.”

Her bare calves tilted up beside her, with her ankles crossing as she spoke.

A normal friend wouldn’t flinch at the casual observation. But Tori knew Lilly had brought forth this information for a reason.

“Hmm,” she replied. “I guess they wouldn’t care if movie-goers made a mess, since they’re about to gut the place anyway..”

Mischievous grins sprouted on both girls’ faces. They didn’t need to say anything else; they both knew what each other were thinking.

“I’ll check the showtimes,” uttered Lilly, restraining any ounce of excitement from her voice.

Half a day later, here both girls sat, lounging in the back row on the tattered cloth seats, sipping on their sodas and watching the previews roll by on the enormous projector screen. Tori already had to pee - she hadn’t used the bathroom since they decided to buy tickets that morning. Furthermore, they selected the movie with the longest runtime, capping out at nearly 3 hours. Tori wasn’t sure she could make it through the entire film. But she was sure she didn’t want to.

She rubbed both of her legs together, denim sliding against denim. She glanced towards her friend on the left. Lilly’s bare thighs slowly fanned in and out as if trying to distract her from something. With each spread of her legs, Tori caught a glimpse of Lilly’s crotch, the waistband of her jean shorts slightly bulging more than usual.

Tori laid her head on Lilly’s shoulder. The tender act of closeness provided Tori a new vantage point - she now found her eyes drifting to Lilly’s lap more often than the movie screen. The real show was downwards. Tori couldn’t avert her gaze from the slight writing of Lilly’s hips in her seat, the bare bobbling thighs, and now the delightful sight of Lilly’s fingers holding herself. The visual desperation of

Lilly echoed exactly what Tori was feeling. Her own urine piled up just behind the clamped-shut muscles of her opening, asking her; What are you waiting for?

“Just a little longer,” Tori wanted to say.

She wanted to savor this. She suddenly felt Lilly tense up - apparently something dramatic had occurred in the film. The blonde wrapped her arm around Tori’s shoulder. Both friends snuggled closer.

Once the intense scene fizzled out, Lilly leaned her lips towards Tori’s ear. Her soft voice tickled Tori’s eardrum.

“I have to pee.”

The solemn announcement ignited an explosion of shivers down Tori’s spine. The pee in her own bladder begged to come out first. Tori overcame the lump in her throat before uttering her response:

“Me too. I’m just gonna go now.”

Tori beat Lilly to the punch. As soon as she expelled the words, she relaxed, promptly pissing herself in her seat. Her panties didn’t hold up long against the seething stream of pee spraying out. The warm urine soon breached the cotton barrier. A faint pattering emanated from the otherwise silent back row as Tori’s piss pounded on the inside of her jeans, resembling the light tones of raindrops on an overhead canvas awning. Tori’s body involuntarily convulsed at the combined forces of warm, ecstatic relief and naughty prospect of peeing her pants atop an unprotected public seat. The excess urine that escaped her drenched jeans soaked into the felt fabric beneath her, and when even that wasn’t enough to absorb Tori’s flood, the rest of the pee dripped onto the concrete floor. She muttered a soft moan. A head several rows ahead briefly turned around. Did they hear her?

Soon the storm subsided, the rain clouds dried up. Tori now sat in a saturated seat, her entire lap submersed in her piss. The once hot wetness cooled into a clammy moisture. Tori shifted in her seat, soaking up the last bits and admiring the squelching fabric beneath her. After a few more minutes of basking in the aftermath of her release, Tori whispered in Lilly’s ear,

“I went.”

Tori could hear Lilly’s breath deepen. “Really? Let me see,” said the blonde.

Before Tori could react, Lilly’s hand slid over towards Tori’s lap and on her crotch. Tori shuddered at the delicate touch of her friend’s fingers atop her lady parts, separated only by a thin layer of damp clothing.

“Oh you did,” confirmed Lilly, a smirk on her lips. The smile soon disappeared under her teeth. “I need to pee so bad…”

Lilly’s exposed thighs were tightly pretzeled around each other. Soon, she unraveled her legs and relaxed her entire body. Tori knew what was coming next. She watched as Lilly’s chest and shoulders sank, followed by the formation of a distinctive dark spot on the crotch of her jean shorts.

“I”m-I’m peeing,” the blonde whimpered.

The spot swiftly spread and sparkled in the light of the projector screen. A bubbling hiss emerged as the liquid leaked through the denim and soaked into the seat. Tori wanted to feel it. She rested her hand on

Lilly’s lap and lightly gripped her crotch. Just then, another eruption of wet warmth poured through, wetting Tori’s fingers. Lilly thrust her hips up so that her crotch pressed harder against Tori’s hand. One final gush of urine escaped and splashed onto the seat and floor.

Lilly went limp. Her body drained. A series of deep breaths blew from her mouth. Tori wanted to jump on her right then and there, but she knew that would definitely draw too much attention to them. She decided to instead go on a solo mission, sliding her hand into her jeans. She glanced over to see Lilly spawning the same idea, her hand buried in her shorts.

Both friends sat in their sopping pants and watched the remainder of the movie in pure bliss. Once the credits rolled, they mobilized to the final phase of their plan: the coverup. Having recently refilled both of their sodas, they each poured the icy soft drinks onto their seats, concealing the pee stain with sugary soda. They then poured the last bit of soda onto their pants. Once satisfied with their liquid disguise, the two friends exited the theater and caught the usher’s attention.

“Hey, we spilled an entire soda in seats E13 and E14 in the back row. It got all over us and on both seats,” explained Tori.

The usher seemed unfazed.

“Oh, no worries. This was actually the last showtime in this theater. We’re not even bothering to clean it since they’re gutting the place tomorrow. Sorry about the mess though!”

Lilly and the Tori apologized once more and left. As soon as they entered their car, they giggled in delight. Their plan had worked. With that, they rolled out of the parking lot and drove off into the sunset.

== New Beginnings ==

Tori strategically maneuvered the last piece of luggage in the back of her mother’s minivan. The tightlypacked arrangement of boxes and suitcases resembled the work of a master Tetris player. Satisfied, she slammed shut the trunk.

“Nice work there!” a cheerful voice chimed behind her. Tori turned around to see her blonde friend Lilly, her white T-shirt hanging over bare legs.

“No pants?” teased Tori.

“Oh shut up!” chuckled Lilly, lifting her shirt to reveal a snug pair of red Nike shorts.

Tori smiled. “Too bad!” she flirted. Although both girls agreed to maintain their best-friendship, they did not hide their mutual attraction.

Lilly opened the passenger door to the single non-folded-down seat. “Thanks again Mrs. Franklin for letting me ride with you guys!” Lilly’s parents and brother were squeezed against Lilly’s mound of luggage in their own car, so the blonde appreciated her friend’s mother’s offer to ride with them.

“Oh no big deal,” replied Keri, Tori’s mother. “You’re basically family anyway!”

Tori opened the passenger door, revealing a thick wool towel already folded over the seat. She paused for a moment before sitting onto the covered cushion in her legging-capris. The trip to Lilly and Tori’s college would only take about 3 hours, so she figured wouldn’t need to use the towel. Normally such a prospect would excite the 19-year-old. However, despite craving another car seat wetting, Tori knew she had to revert her body back to its trained schedule, especially since her social reputation would be beginning anew. After all, her bladder felt perfectly fine.

“Alright girls, ready for college?” asked Tori’s mother one more time. Tori and Lilly couldn’t help smiling despite the cheesy proclamation. The car pulled out of the driveway and drove on towards the new chapter in the girl’s life. “You girls are gonna do great. I mean, Tori with you academic scholarship and

Lilly with your track scholarship, you’ve both already got a head start!” explained Tori’s mother, proud of her daughter and her friend. “Be sure to say hi to Aunt Kassy! Remember you can go to her if you need anything.” She referred to her sister and Tori’s aunt, one of the coaches at the college.

Tori rested her head on the window and stared down at the pavement, the gray graveled surface seeming to zip past at lightning-speed. She then shifted her gaze up towards the electrical poles approaching her. One by one, the wooden structures disappeared behind them as the car raced down the highway. Tori let her mind drift away, daydreaming of her new dorm, her new classes, her new friends, and possibly even new parties. She smiled at the anticipation. The sun, seeming to share in her anxious yet eager excitement, shone its warm rays on Tori’s face through the window. 'Ahhh, the warmth,' thought Tori. Wait.. The warmth? Tori suddenly noticed a warm trickle jetting involuntarily into her panties. Her hand zipped to her crotch, brushing against a small patch of warm, wet fabric, before shutting off the flow. The leak astonished her - she didn’t even feel the need to relieve herself.

Tori wanted to freak out. She wanted to be scared, to be ashamed, to feel anything appropriate to what just occurred. But she didn’t feel any of those things. Rather, she liked it. The familiar warmth must have felt the same way since it joined Tori without bothering to ask her first. She wanted to let more out…

But she couldn’t. Not now. She had to appear dry in front of her new roommate. She clamped her fingers down harder.

A vibration on her leg broke Tori from her trance. She lifted her phone to check the notification - from

Lilly? Her eyes glanced up at the rearview mirror, noticing Lilly’s beautiful blue eyes staring back at her own. Tori read the message. “I have to pee.” She again glanced at the mirror, this time noticing her friend’s lithe legs knotted together. Tori didn’t know how to respond. Her heart thumped. It made her want to let go.

Moments later, before Tori could acknowledge her friend’s need, Lilly vocalized it. “Mrs. Franklin, I’m gonna pee my pants.”

It wasn’t a question, nor a concession - just a statement of desire. “That’s alright dear, just let it all out,” responded Tori’s mother, in the most nonchalant way possible.

Tori’s eyes again fixated on the rearview mirror, focusing on the thin bit of red fabric between Lilly’s spread legs. A darker red spot suddenly materialized on the material, the spurt accompanied by a gleeful gasp from the blonde. Tori’s eyes glued to the mirror like a TV screen as the patch expanded. Lilly’s chest rose then sunk on repeat as she let out each successive gush of hot piss. It pooled on the towel before safely soaking into the cloth. Tori imagined how the warmth must feel spreading against her butt cheeks… Another involuntary trickle leaked into Tori’s pants. She again plugged the flow by squeezing her muscles, though she didn’t want to.

“Okay…” muttered Lilly, her breathing heavy. Tori’s fingers nearly tiptoed towards her own crotch, yearning to touch herself, but she could not risk it with her mother in the driver’s seat. She heavily considered joining her friend, but another proclamation interrupted her internal decision-making process.

“I’m going to go too,” Keri gently said. With both hands still on the wheel, the 37-year-old woman exhaled an audible sigh. Tori couldn’t help but shift her gaze towards her mother’s “mom” shorts. The dark-green, knee-length, loose-fitting shorts rode up to mid thigh, and Tori noticed the wet patch darkening the shade of the fabric, like a storm cloud hovering over a forest. The wetness exploded forth in streaks, covering her lap in an array of soaked strings. She never bothered to announce that they couldn’t stop at the restroom, nor did she complain of impending desperation, nor did she attempt to explain how there was no other option. She simply let go and wet her pants in the car in front of her daughter as if it were perfectly normal to do so.

Witnessing two back-to-back wettings tipped Tori over the edge. She still didn’t even need to go - but she wanted to. The image of her new roommate flinching at Tori’s wet pants entered Tori’s head as if trying to provide one final protest, one final line of defense. But Tori didn’t care. She looked down at her black leggings once more, knowing the damage would not register too blatantly. “Screw it,” she thought, relaxing and pushing out the flood. She shivered and shuddered as the hot piss instantly saturated her panties and soaked into her leggings. The stream sprawled and snaked across her lap and upper thighs before sinking down towards her butt and into the towel beneath it. She sat in warmth, and despite not even needing to go that bad, she felt completely and utterly relieved. Tori slowly shifted her legs up and down, letting the tight, wet, hot fabric press against her groin. She had to be subtle so as to not let her mother notice.

Minutes later, Tori finally responded to Lilly’s text. “Me too. But not anymore.”

Her eyes met her friend’s in the rearview mirror, and the blonde’s blue eyes delivered a flirtatious wink to signal she read the message. Tori smiled.

 * * * * *

Two hours of wet car riding later, the trio finally arrived. Keri tied a sweater around her waist, which hid most of her wet spot. Lilly’s oversized T-shirt covered her shorts, obscuring any evidence. Tori’s black leggings masked any remaining dampness. Walking in front of hundreds of new students in wet pants still scared Tori a bit - but she remembered escaping notice under risker circumstances before. She therefore stepped out of the car with confidence.

Lilly’s family soon arrived. Tori gave her friend a long hug. Both girls gave each other a squeeze, holding themselves close. Although they both still attended the same school, each girl had a different room on a different floor of the dorm in an effort to expand their friend group. “Cya around,” uttered Lilly, as the blonde joined her family to walk towards her room.

Just Tori and her mother left, the two grabbed all they could from the trunk before entering the elevator. They both entered Tori’s new dorm room, which featured a small suite with a tiny bathroom and a room with two beds across from each other. “Not bad!” exclaimed Tori’s mother. Although the cubicle was anything but roomy, Tori still felt fortunate, as many other students, including Lilly, had only the bedroom portion and a shared communal bathroom on each floor.

Fortunately, her roommate had not yet arrived, giving Tori a chance to swiftly slip out of her wet leggings and into a dry pair of athletic shorts. To save time, she kept on her wet panties. Her and her mother then descended to the bottom floor to gather another round of luggage. When they approached the room again, Tori noticed the door already open. She stepped in and nearly bumped into a darkhaired, brown-skinned girl about her age. Her wide, brown eyes squinted before expanding once more.

“Oh! You must be Tori! I’m Nadia, nice to meet you!”

Tori shook the girl’s feeble hand. “Nice to meet you,” she squeaked.

Nadia laughed and wrapped her arms around Tori in a friendly hug. “Come on, we’re roomies, we don’t have to be so formal!”

Tori returned the laughter. The sound of shuffling behind her caused her heart rate to accelerate - her mother was still behind her, her green shorts still very much wet. “Oh, hi there, you must be…” Keri went on.

Tori interrupted and stood between Nadia and her mother, eclipsing the view of her mother’s shorts.

“This is Nadia! She’s my new roommate.”

“Nice to meet you!” chirped Nadia.

The two almost engaged in more small talk until Tori retreated into the bedroom. “Mom, could you help me in here?” Her mom fortunately followed as Nadia went to go get the rest of her own luggage. On the third trip, Tori prayed they wouldn’t run into Nadia’s family. As they entered the elevator, she heard an indistinguishable string of southern Asian-accented syllables echo down the hall, and she turned to see

Nadia with who she presumed were her parents. The automatic doors shut behind them, and Tori sighed in relief.

When they arrived at the car, Tori realized there were only two bags left. Her mom noticed too, coming to terms with what this meant. “Well honey, I guess this is goodbye…”

Tori fought back the tears, which proved much harder to hold than her bladder. An involuntary leak sprouted in her cooling, moist panties. She clamped shut her muscles as her mom continued. “I know you’ll do great here honey! It’s crazy to see you all grown up! I hope you remember everything I told you…” As she spoke the words, she handed Tori the last bag, and with the zipper slightly opened, Tori could make out the unmistakable white plastic sheets. Her mother let out a sigh, and Tori noticed a fresh shine of wetness appear on her shorts, a darker wet spot spreading in the middle of a the lighter wet spot. Tori understood. She grabbed the bag and set it down on the ground and gave her mother a full embrace. The two hugged tightly, Tori not caring that some of the fresh wetness from her mom soaked into the surface of her own shorts.

Without another word, Tori lifted the last bag back up and turned around. She stepped up the concrete stairs and to the door. She looked back one last time and waved to her mother, who blew her a kiss. Tori then disappeared into the dorm.

When Tori walked inside her room, she again nearly bumped into her new roommate.

“Oh, sorry again Tori, I don’t know why that keeps happening!”

“Maybe it’ll be our thing,” chuckled Tori.

Nadia returned her own giggle. “Anyway, I’m going to grab dinner with my family, I’ll see after? Then we can decide how we’re gonna decorate!”

Tori smiled. “Of course!” When Nadia closed the door, Tori realized she had some time to herself. She had already made up her mind that she was going to hold off on wetting for a while.... But the desire had obviously won out on the car ride over. It was still the same day… Why not once more? After all, her panties still felt damp from before. Tori stepped her foot forward slowly onto the tiled floor. She relaxed and let out a warm spurt. She took another step and let out another leak. Another step - another gush.

She moaned with each deliberate trickle, until finally relaxing, completely immersing her shorts with hot piss. The hot liquid re-introduced itself into Tori’s already drenched panties, poured into her shorts, and traversed down her legs. She flooded the new floor. The puddle pooled over the tile and snaked into the bedroom. Tori fell to her knees, her legs splashing in the warm puddle, her stream still sputtering out of her. She gasped and moaned in ecstasy.

When all was finished, Tori collected herself and stood up. She cleaned the puddle with paper towels and tossed them down the garbage chute. Even after everything was dried, Tori’s private parts still pulsed from the lingering pleasure. She began to unpack, hanging her clothes and emptying her bags.

She then moved to her bed. Before placing the regular sheets over her mattress, her mom’s words echoed in her head. Tori knew she needed to take a break from wetting - her involuntary leaking demanded that her body return to normal. However, she was still addicted. This was her interest, shared by only those closest to her, that demanded to be fed. Her body marched towards the last bag without a thought, as if being controlled by an invisible puppeteer. She opened the bag and pulled out the waterproof plastic sheets. She then turned around and lurched back towards the bed, wrapping the mattress in the protective coating. Just in case.

== Hungover ==

Tori soaked in her first month of college. Her classes, although mostly gen-eds, felt more fulfilling than her boring high school lectures. She had grown accustomed to her new schedule, smiling at the familiar faces on the way to class. Even her social life blossomed - she and her new roommate Nadia developed a new friendship, and they would often accompany each other to parties. One thing was missing, however. Tori managed to stay mostly dry during her first month. She had not indulged in her secret habit once - although the temptation never left, Tori wanted to keep that part of her life hidden from

Nadia and her other new college friends and acquaintances. However, although no deliberate wettings occurred, Tori’s body was still used to freely wetting whenever she wanted, so much so that the pee was too eager to wait for a bathroom sometimes. Leaks became customary, but nothing that Tori couldn’t handle. She didn’t hate the unwelcome warm spurts, but she still tried her best to prevent them. Tori figured if she could return her body to normal, then she could indulge once again on special occasions.

After four weeks of bathroom-only releases, she had managed to regain control over her body.

However, college students drink. Tori remained a shy drinker at first, pacing herself throughout the night and making sure to follow all the “safe drinking” protocols of eating before, cutting with water, and counting her beverages. Increased partying with Nadia, Lilly, and her other friends would hinder this strict observance, however.

One such night would test Tori’s limits. Her and Nadia attended a particularly popular party. Multiple jugs of red-orange juice sat atop a bar in the basement. Tori and Nadia didn’t know what the exact concoction entailed, but they didn’t care - the beverages served their purpose. Soon, both girls lost themselves on the dancefloor, each having already attracted a guy to grind on them to the beat. Their bouncing bodies shook up and down, and Tori could feel the liquid inside her bladder sloshing to the music. The alcoholic drinks filled her tank quicker than she was used to. Tori looked ahead at Nadia, essentially leaning against the guy behind her at this point, and mouthed the word ‘bathroom?’

Despite her state of mind, Nadia understood. She grabbed Tori’s hand and the two disappeared in the crowd in search of a bathroom, leaving behind two confused college guys. They eventually found their desired target. Simply stepping into the bathroom nearly made Tori lose control, but she held on. Nadia entered the one-toilet room behind her. As soon as Tori opened the lid, she dropped it, the porcelain plate loudly smacking upon the bowl.

“What’s wrong?” asked Nadia, her voice still exceedingly loud, her ears still adjusted to the thumping music.

“It’s overflowed with puke,” replied Tori, wincing.

Nadia hobbled forward and checked herself. “Ew! Yeah, that’s a buzzkill. It’s getting late anyway, how about we just go back?” Tori agreed.

As they walked back to their dorm, Tori could feel the last drink start to take effect. Her vision seemed to narrow and her head seemed to melt to mush. The remaining bit of consciousness allowed her to hold on to her bladder, however.

“You okay there?” mumbled Nadia. Tori nodded, but grabbed her friend’s shoulder for support. “We’re almost there,” Nadia continued, her voice also starting to slur. “I really need to pee too.”

Tori’s brain traveled ten minutes into the future. She now stood in her dorm room beside Nadia.

“I’m bursting! Can I please go first?” begged her roommate. Nadia didn’t bother waiting for an answer, however, as she lunged towards the bathroom door and nearly fell in. Tori walked towards her bed.

Tori snuggled under her warm covers, half-asleep in the pitch black night. She absorbed the feeling of her entire body relaxing. She flipped herself to the other side, her skin sliding against wet fabric. “Wait what?” she thought. She could feel her crotch getting warmer and warmer. Her hand shot down to her shorts, coming into contact with wet denim. She still had on her jeans from the night before - but what surprised her even more were the continued spurts of warmth. Tori had woken up mid-stream, wetting the bed. Most people would probably panic - but Tori relished it. It was like an old friend had come back to visit. Instead of getting up, Tori let the stream continue, pouring into her jeans and massaging her lap with hot urine. Still letting go, she rolled onto her back so her butt could soak up some wetness. The soothing release soon coaxed her back into a deep slumber.

“Tori!” Tori woke to the sound of her roommate’s voice. Rays of light pierced through the blinds. “Tori! I think you had an accident.”

Tori tilted her head up, her skull throbbing from a hangover. She peeled off her comforter, revealing a pair of soaked jeans encasing her lap. The blood in her face boiled, then simmered. The jig was up - her roommate found her wet. “Oh well,” she croaked, her throat the only dry part of her body.

Nadia sat on her bed across the room. “I mean, accidents happen, and we did have a lot to drink last night… I just hope your bed is okay.”

“It’s protected,” creaked Tori. She flipped to her side so her front faced Nadia. She could notice another twinge below - a second wave incoming. Tori contemplated. She had finally wet, partially on purpose, and her roommate found out. The seal was broken, her bed and pants already soaked. She vocalized her decision out loud. “Well, I’m already wet, might as well let the rest out.” She relaxed and pushed. A hot gush entered her panties before seeping into her jeans. The denim was re-drenched, the fading patch now re-glowing with a fresh wetness. It poured over Tori’s thigh and pooled on the mattress beneath her. Tori just sighed as the steaming liquid fully escaped from its chamber.

“W-what are you doing Tori? Did you just do that on purpose?” Nadia’s face crinkled in disbelief, dumbfounded.

“Why not?” cooed Tori, enjoying the calming effects of her wetting. “I was already soaked. What’s the harm?” She could feel her own mother’s voice expelling from her mouth.

“I mean, I guess?” replied Nadia, still completely befuddled.

Tori leaned upwards as if to get up, but her throbbing head convinced her to lay back down. “Ouch.

Hangover…” she winced. “I’m just gonna stay here a little longer.”

Nadia’s perplexity continued, her lips opening. “You’re just gonna stay in your wet bed?”

“At least until this hangover fades a little. Besides, it feels pretty relaxing, to be honest.”

It was honest - but not as honest as Tori could be. She held in that much at least, for now, but she did release another hot gush into her pants.

Although Nadia’s face spelled skepticism, she gave a side-nod and said, “Well, that is respectable in its own way, I guess.” Nadia’s leggings-clad legs squeezed together, nursing her own need. She began to lean back slightly, her eyes glancing upwards, deep in thought, as if maybe - just maybe - contemplating following her roommate’s lead. However, her head shook, as if breaking itself back to reality. She hopped off her raised bed and onto the floor. “Well I’m going to go use the bathroom like a regular person!” she teased.

Tori smiled. She knew her roommate meant no ill will with the comment - they joked with each other that way. She leaned bag down on her bed, pulled the covers back over her, and snuggled in her wet embrace. She was relieved - she didn’t have to hide her wetting in front of her roommate. Content, Tori let out another warm trickle before closing her eyes.

== Wine Wednesday ==

“Ready for the movie?” giggled Tori, sipping her glass of white wine.

“Why, of course, madam!” replied Nadia, her pinky pointing upwards as she pompously tilted down her own wine glass and loudly slurped down an audible gulp.

As per their own established tradition, today was “Wine Wednesday,” in which Tori, Nadia, and sometimes other girls on the floor would get together in Tori and Nadia’s dorm room to drink wine and watch movies. Tonight’s festivities would just include the two of them; the other usual partakers on their floor all had exams this week. Tori also extended an invite to Lilly, but she and her own roommate were at a concert with a couple of guys they had been seeing. But Tori didn’t mind - she and Nadia had grown quite close. She inserted the movie disc into the Blu-ray player before sitting down on a wooden table chair. Nadia curled up on the suite’s single cushioned recliner, a throne that the girls took turns sitting upon.

As the opening credits rolled, Nadia excitedly shrieked, “We have to drink anytime anyone says ‘the’!”

The makeshift drinking rules proved quite effective. Only half an hour in, Tori could already feel the buzz gently massaging her brain - granted, they had already drank a couple glasses before the movie. The alcohol’s other effect also began to take hold. The delightful twinge of a filling bladder pulsed on Tori’s abdomen, beckoning for the college student to grant it relief.

As the glow of the T.V. screen lightly illuminated the otherwise dark room, Tori recollected the night of her first ‘accident’ as an adult during her family’s movie night. Her mother’s words echoed. The enticing permission tempted her mind; she had already purposefully wet in front of her roommate once, but with the shroud of a drunken hungover serving as a believable enough excuse. However, as always, the yearn for relief, pleasure, and simple convenience won. Tori let her muscles give in, allowing the warm trickle to escape unimpeded into her panties, the warmth soaking the fabric before absorbing into her sweatpants. Even in the limited amount of light, Tori could see the cloth fade a darker hue, a visual cue of the relaxing warmth covering her crotch.

The pooling urine beneath her butt spread across the entire surface of the chair before gravity pulled the liquid off the wooden seat and yanked it downwards, splattering it on the tiled floor.

“Party foul!” teased Nadia, obviously hearing the sloshing of liquid.

However, when she glanced over to see Tori’s half-full glass still resting neatly in her hand, Nadia’s eyes widened.

“Wait.. what’re you… Are you..?”

“I’m peeing,” stated Tori calmly.

Her casual-toned voice let out a soft moan and exhale as another hot gush pushed the pee to the floor.

“Are you that drunk?” questioned Nadia.

Her almond eyes squinted. When Tori answered no, Nadia’s interrogation continued.

“But why?”

“Because I wanted to,” Tori plainly responded.

“But the bathroom is right there..?” Nadia’s questions started to sound more curious than repulsed.

Tori’s reply was quick. “I didn’t wanna get up. Sometimes it’s nice to just let go where you are.”

When Nadia’s agape mouth remained standing open, Tori added, “If you have to go, you should try it. It feels kind of good actually.”

The words implanted in Nadia’s head. She did feel an emerging need below. She glanced towards the bathroom, but chose not to use it - for now. Instead, she rewound a few minutes of the movie.

“I think we missed a few drinks!” she announced, changing the subject.

The two roommates continued watching the movie and drinking wine, each downing their own bottle.

Tori would keep letting go, rewarming her sweatpants for the duration of the movie. Nadia held on for the rest of Wine Wednesday. While laughing and drinking with Tori, all she could think about was her roommate just casually and simply letting it flow.

Eventually, both buzzed girls decided to call it a night. Tori slipped into a dry pair of pajama shorts before climbing into bed. However, she kept on her wet panties, for she knew she would be wet again by the morning anyway.

Nadia’s need exponentially increased near the point of discomfort. She stepped towards the bathroom, but her feet froze in place as Tori’s magic words against echoed inside her mind:

“You should try it.” Nadia didn’t know why, but she turned around and approached her bed, skipping the bathroom despite her aching bladder.

She climbed under the covers as if on autopilot, transfixed.

Tori’s assessment proved correct - she woke up wet. Her pajama shorts had transformed a different color, the cool, clammy fabric caressing her encased hips. Without hesitation, Tori relaxed and emptied the rest of her morning bladder into her panties and shorts. The warm morning welcome never ceased to excite her. She made no attempt to hide her act, instead calling attention to it.

“I peed the bed again,” she announced calmly.

Nadia’s dark eyelashes fluttered open. Shift fidgeted in her bed before throwing off her covers, still halfasleep. Tori glanced over and noticed a sprawling wet patch on the sheets surrounding Nadia’s tired body. Her teal pajama shorts had turned a dark turquoise.

“So did I,” uttered Nadia, her voice surprisingly soft.

Tori examined her roommates face: no expressions of panic, nor disappointment, nor worry. Instead, her lips quivered nearly, but not quite, into a tiny smirk, and her brown eyes scanned the evidence of her accident, her pupils appearing to take in the visuals with curiosity and amazement.

“I better clean this up,” sighed Nadia, although the tone in her voice lacked any legitimate concern.

Tori grinned as both roommates peeled off their dampened blankets and sheets.

Nightly accidents became a regular occurrence for Tori and Nadia. Not just after Wine Wednesdays, but nearly any night the pair went out drinking, the morning would result in two wet beds. Nadia never had accidents before the initial Wine Wednesday wetting - almost as if the first act triggered something. Tori had a hunch. At this point, she lent Nadia an extra pair of protective waterproof sheets, which saw immediate use.

One morning, Tori decided to test the waters more. She woke and immediately released her morning bladder contents into her already-soaked shorts and sheets. Her throbbing head served as penance for her previous night of drunkenness, but the warm relief provided temporary alleviation. Tori looked across the room to see a passed-out Nadia sound asleep, her soft snores breaking the otherwise dead silence in the dorm. Tori laid in bed until her roommate woke.

Once Nadia regained consciousness, she yawned and stretched before peeling off her covers and examining what both she and Tori already knew to be true: another ‘accident.’ Tori observed the evidence. As Nadia began to slide herself off the mattress, Tori verbally stopped her.

“Good morning! Whatcha doin?”

“Oh just going to the bathroom,” Nadia replied. “I had another accident.”

Tori forced the next phrase out. She had to try it.

“Why bother? Your bed’s already wet. Might as well just let the rest out there too. Besides, if you’re nearly as hungover as I am, there’s no way you actually wanna get up yet!”

Tori didn't know how she managed to muster up such confidence - it's as if the words just flowed out on their own.

Nadia dithered, pausing as if to actually consider her roommate’s advice. Her teeth gently nibbled her lower lip. However, she followed through with her previous decision and hopped off her bed.

“Oh… I don’t know, I’m just gonna go to the bathroom..”

Tori laid back down on her back, a tad defeated. However, she wouldn't let the minor loss bring her down, as she sighed and managed to push out another warm spurt. After all, she knew Nadia would fully come around soon.

***************

~The following Wednesday~

A playful rhythm knocked on the door. Tori opened it to reveal a tall blonde casually dressed in a shortsleeved red T-shirt and short black athletic shorts. Her tanned arms clutched a bottle of wine as if holding a baby. Tori’s mouth smiled, her heart warmed.

“Hey Lilly!”

“Tori!” chimed the blonde. “You ready to DRINK?”

Tori chuckled in delight. “Where’s your roommate?”

“Oh, she couldn’t make it tonight. Studying or something,” replied Lilly. “Where’s yours?”

On cue, Nadia emerged from the bedroom. Her dark-green shirt hung over the front of her crotch but scrunched atop the butt of her grey leggings.

“Did someone ask for me?” she giggled.

“Sup Nadia!” chirped Lilly, holding her bottle of wine on display.

She glanced over towards Tori and winked. Her friend had filled her in on Nadia’s developing interest.

Each girl unscrewed their respective bottles and poured their first glass. They caught up on the week’s events before breaking out the games. Lilly pulled out a colorful deck of cards from her pocket.

“Who wants to play drunk UNO? You draw you drink!” Tori and Nadia both giggled and gladly agreed to the game.

*****************

“UNO!” exclaimed Lilly, cheering in delight. The three girls sat on the tiled floor, circled around the growing pile of colorful cards. Lilly sat positioned in front of the bathroom door.

“Not for long!” Nadia laid down a draw-four card, ending Lilly’s premature celebration.

“Ah screw you!” Lilly rebuked jokingly.

As per the rules, she took four large gulps, finishing off her latest glass of wine. She dumped another slosh of wine into her glass.

“Whew, I’m starting to feel it! In both ways, if you know what I mean!” Lilly announced, vocalizing both her buzz and bulging bladder.

“Me too,” added Tori.

She had to constantly glance down towards her hand to remember which cards she had. She plopped down a green 2 on the deck, followed by Nadia’s green skip card.

“Hehehehe!” giggled Nadia maniacally.

Lilly’s lighthearted frustration grew. “Oh just wait! You’ll get it soon!”

The bonded shifted where she sat, her bent knees fanning in and out.

“By the way, I need to pee. Hey Tori, is it cool if I just go?”

“Sure, no problem,” answered Tori.

Nadia tilted her head, a bit bemused as to why the 19-year-old needed permission to use the bathroom.

However, the unmistakable hiss of liquid-on-fabric bewildered her even more. She glanced up from her hand of cards to see a puddle expanding from beneath Lilly. The middle area of her black athletic shorts glistened as she gushed out more hot liquid. The faintest sigh-whimper expelled from her slightlyopened lips.

Nadia was taken aback, almost falling backwards on the floor. “Are you… peeing?”

“Yep,” answered Lilly, as if nothing not normal were occurring.

The nonchalant attitude of the deliberate wetting baffled Nadia, especially since Lilly did not appear at all hammered. She thought Tori was the only one who engaged in such an act.

“Is that okay?” asked Lilly, noticing the perplexed expression plastered on Nadia’s face.

Before Nadia could answer, Tori made an announcement of her own.

“I’ve gotta go too.”

Nadia knew what this meant. Sure enough, she looked over to see another puddle emerging from beneath Tori. A soft pattering sputtered through the room as the forceful flow sprayed against the interior of her light blue athletic shorts. She ever-so-gently moaned as the blue shorts darkened into indigo. Her crisscrossed calves laid on the tiled floor, but the pooling liquid just trickled around them.

Both puddles continued to spread, but stopped short of the pile of cards between them.

Nadia sat motionless, speechless. She was shocked, but not disgusted. Rather, intrigued. Still, she hesitated when Tori suggested,

“You probably need to go too after all that wine!”

Nadia did indeed notice her need to pee increasing. She eyed the bathroom door, but Lilly’s puddle blocked the entrance like a moat surrounding a castle. Nadia thought about her no-so-accidental accidents after late nights out. Although she hadn’t actually initiated the bed-wettings on purpose, she essentially paved the way for them to occur. Going to bed buzzed with a full bladder, not making any effort to stop the flow once it hit, she knew she wanted it. But she waited.

Not wanting to prolong the awkward pause, Tori continued the game. She laid down a wild card.

“I change the color to yellow!”

After a few more rounds, Nadia’s need only worsened. One hand held her cards, the other held her crotch. Every once in a while, she would notice Tori or Lilly’s puddle ripple. She craved what they did.

The wine washed away any remaining inhibitions. Looking down at her still-dry lap, she paused, asking herself, Am I actually going to do this?

Time seemed to stop. Everything else vanished. Nadia still stared down at her lap. A dark gray spot slowly materialized in the middle of her leggings, bringing with it a wave of warmth. She froze. She did it.

It was happening. And she wanted it to keep going. Nadia shut her eyes and focused only on the blossoming heat below. She relaxed and waited. Finally, the trickle returned, amplifying into a full-on stream as Nadia began to pee her pants on purpose. The deliberate warm, relaxing relief was everything she hoped and imagined it would be. She hummed in pleasure as the soothing stream continued to pour.

“Uh, Nadia? It’s your turn..” mentioned Tori.

However, both her and Lilly soon realized what was happening. Nadia’s gray leggings altered hues into a storm-cloud shade and a pale puddle pooled from where she sat. The blonde and brunette smiled at each other, as if some secret plan had come to fruition.

“You good?” Tori laughed as she asked, unable to hold in her glee that her roommate finally appreciated the secret habit.

Nadia’s eyes slowly crept open, meeting Tori’s gaze. “Now...now…” she gasped and heaved. “Now I know why you do it. It feels….amazing.”

Tori just smirked. “I told you!”

== Home ==

Tori sluggishly rolled her wheeled suitcase across the tiled floor and slung her duffle bag over her shoulder. While most students looked forward to finishing finals and winter break, Tori felt anxious. She had been purposefully avoiding visiting home all semester ever since her parents split, even choosing to attend Nadia’s family’s thanksgiving instead of her own.

Fortunately, a giddy Nadia waltzed in the room, raising Tori’s spirits.

“Aw cheer up Tori! Class is over! It’s winter break! Although I feel ya, I’m not gonna get to wet myself for over a month... You know how my family is…”

Nadia’s family still lived by many of the traditions of their homeland. Privacy wasn’t as stringent of a value for them, especially since they lived with an aunt, uncle, and cousins. This would render Nadia’s secret habit near impossible to hide - an unfortunate situation, as Tori, Nadia, and Lilly had all indulged in their clandestine wettings regularly since the initial Wine Wednesday. Nadia’s soon-to-be dry spell did cause Tori to look on the bright side - she would get to wet all winter break at her mother’s apartment.

“Welp, one last time until next semester,” said Nadia.

She stood in the middle of the dorm, her shoulders slumping in relaxation. The ensuing steaming gush of hot liquid spread on the front of her white denim pants, continuing down her thighs, over her knees, and down her shins and calves. As the warm urine coated her legs, it turned the white fabric seethrough, etching a translucent window that offered a peek to her caramel legs and black panties underneath.

“Ahhhh… Just gotta soak it in one last time! Are you going to join me?”

Tori just smiled at her successfully-converted roommate. Instead of answering out loud, she let her actions speak for her. She let go. Although her tank wasn’t quite full, it provided enough to drench her leggings from the knees-up, painting a glossy, wet sheen on the tight fabric encasing her thighs. The warmth felt mesmerizing, as always.

“There ya go Tori!” Nadia beamed.

The two roommates said their goodbyes and hugged. Their wet patches touched. Nadia then carried her last bag out the door. Tori changed into a pair of jeans and finished packing.

********

Tori set a towel down on her driver’s seat chair - just in case. She did not plan on stopping on the nearly

5-hour drive home. Except for the coffee stop she made on the way out of her college-town, of course.

Two hours in, the venti beverage had already joined with the morning’s glasses of water in Tori’s bladder. She could feel the liquid slosh against her inner walls with every bump in the road. Although no stranger to car wetting, Tori had never done so while driving. She knew her mom wouldn’t care if she returned home with wet jeans. Making her decision, Tori veered off into the slow lane, letting the interstate cars pass her until the road in front and behind her was mostly clear. She then stared ahead at the vast stretch of pavement approaching and relaxed.

The first warm trickle felt exhilarating. The new thrill of wetting while driving - the invigorating taboo act stimulated Tori more than the caffeine from her coffee. Her fingers gripped the wheel knuckle-white tight as another steaming hot gush poured into her panties and pants. The warmth bloomed around her crotch, spread throughout her lap, and pooled beneath her before the towel claimed the liquid as its own. Tori sighed and moaned, fighting to remain focused on the road.

She released more streams and spurts as the mile markers counted down. By the time she finally pulled into the parking lot, Tori’s jeans were thoroughly saturated. She grabbed her duffle bag from the back seat and headed into the lobby. She positioned the bag in front of her to try and hide the wet patch, but her back remained in full view. At this point, Tori didn’t care. She wouldn’t be moving back to her town after college, so why bother hiding?

Tori ascended the stairs to the fifth floor. The familiar halls, although unwelcoming to most, resembled a tunnel of nostalgia to Tori. She knocked on her mom’s door; the same door of her old home. Her parents sold the house after not even a year; her mother opting to return to the family’s previous apartment.

The entrance opened to her smiling mother.

“Tori! It’s so good to finally have you home! Tell me everything about school!”

Her eyes shifted down towards Tori’s damp pants. Her giddy expression did not change.

“Uh oh, looks like you had a little accident on the way here! I don’t blame you, that’s a long drive. Don’t worry, that’s not a problem here. You can go whenever - and wherever - you need to.”

Her mother’s lips quivered slightly, as a rush of urine slowly soaked the middle area of her corduroy pants.

“See?” stated Tori’s mother, proving her words. “No need for the silly old bathroom!” The mother and daughter hugged for the first time in months until finally stepping inside.

Tori examined the apartment. Some things stayed the same, some things changed. The old couches still sat on one side of the living room facing a T.V., their cushions covered in a clear plastic wrapping which must have been remnants of the coverings back when the cat suffered a UTI. Speaking of such, Tori noticed a soft brushing against her calf, glancing down to see the purring feline give its welcoming embrace. At least she kept the cat, thought Tori.

She walked past the laundry room, noticing the unmistakable yellow hamper overflowing with damp garments. She also observed a few piles of moist towels clumped together in the kitchen, living room, and hallway. A mild odor of mildew wafted through Tori’s nose, but nothing enough to bother her.

Once entering her room, Tori set her duffle bag on the floor. Her decorations were absent, stripped off and adorning her dorm room at school instead, leaving just a lowly bed and dresser. She pressed her hand against the mattress to confirm the indistinguishable crunch of a plastic cover. The entire apartment was prepped - or perhaps had been prepped long before - in time for Tori to live by her mother’s new rules, or lack thereof.

After setting up her room for winter break, Tori followed the smell of food to the kitchen. Her mother stood in front of the oven, stirring a pot of something on the stovetop. Whatever it was, it smelled delicious. But Tori’s hunger soon took the backseat as she noticed a fresh, wet shine expanding down the butt of her mother’s corduroy pants, drenching the previously damp fabric. The backs of her legs entirely soaked down to the floor, but she kept stirring the pot as if just a normal part of her daily routine. Some gleams of light reflected into Tori’s eyes, turning her attention to several puddles placed in various spots around the tiled kitchen floor. Her mother must not have had a chance to wipe them up yet. Tori figured it was time she joined in, too. She sat down on one of the wooden barstools facing the kitchen island and let loose. The last warm spurts of pee from her long trip freely flowed out of her, rewetting her jeans and flooding the stool top. The drips drizzled to the floor, adding yet another puddle to the kitchen. Basking in the lingering pulses of relief and warmth, Tori knew this would be the best winter break ever.

== Christmas Time ==

Tori woke up. The 19-year-old brunette's blue eyes opened. Joyful Christmas music echoed through the walls of her mother’s apartment. Tori was home for the holidays, on the month-long winter break her university offered all the students. She gazed outside the morning-lit window, the white puffs of snowflakes drifting down from above all the way down to the ground. They still had a long way to go -

Tori’s mother’s apartment resided on the fifth floor.

Despite the frigid weather outside, inside Tori was warmly snuggled underneath her bed covers, resting atop a plastic-covered mattress. She decided to warm herself up even more. The twinge of her morning’s bladder beckoned for it. As per usual, Tori relaxed and released, flooding her panties, shorts, and bed with a hot wave of wetness, contrasting the cool air outside. There was nothing like a good wetting to wake up Tori and immediately put her in a jolly mood.

Still clad in her damp red-plaid pajama shorts, Tori stepped off her bed, her feet covered in purposefullygaudy Christmas socks. She excited her bedroom, surmising that her mom had already decked the halls, as a trail of urine snaked across the hallway floor towards the living room. The slithering wet patch led to her mother who was positioning presents under the brilliantly-lit Christmas tree. Her red-plaid pajama pants matched Tori’s shorts, the felt-like fabric decorated with a glistening wet spot that glowed like Christmas lights.

“Good morning Tori! Merry Christmas!” greeted Keri, Tori’s 37-year-old single mother.

Her brown bunned hair sat atop a smiling face, perfectly content, now having her daughter at home, the daughter who shared in her wet secret. It was the perfect Christmas gift.

The holiday greeting was a tad misleading, however, as today was actually December 23rd. Tori and her mother decided to have a small “pre-Christmas” with Tori’s friend Lilly, who was also home for the holidays.

Soon both mother and daughter heard the silver doorbell jingle. They opened the door to reveal a tall blue-eyed blonde girl the same age as Tori, a Santa hat hanging off her head, a green mistletoe scarf wrapped around her neck over her ugly Christmas sweater, and a pair of Santa-themed short shorts that she wore despite the freezing temperature outside. It was Lilly. Tori took her sweater and hung it on the coat rack, and Lilly traded her friend an extra Santa hat.

“Come on, you gotta be festive, Tori!”

Tori smiled. She then noticed a maroon wet spot surrounding the crotch of Lilly’s shorts.

Tori’s mother noticed too. “Oh Lilly dear, looks like you had a bit of an accident!”

Keri knew it wasn’t an accident. She and Tori had both introduced Lilly to their shared habit last year, and since then the three of them had wet themselves in each other's presence multiple times.

“Yeah,” answered Lilly. “I may have made some yellow snow on the way over here. Oops!”

Lilly then pointed towards the others wet spots. “Looks like I’m not alone!”

The trio giggled.

“Looks like we need to refill our tanks. I have some hot chocolate ready, who wants some?” offered Keri.

Tori and Lilly cheerfully agreed. The three ladies sat encircled around the tree, sipping on the warm liquid. Tori could feel the heat slide down her esophagus. She anxiously awaited for it to slide down further. Her friend snuggled up closed, slurping down another gulp of the sweet liquid and bending her knees to her chest. Tori’s eyes lingered longingly on Lilly’s lovely, lucious, lithe legs. The toned thighs fanned in and out ever so slightly. Surely she didn’t need to pee already? Her feet were covered in a pair of red stockings, matching the ones hanging over the mantle.

Keri turned on the T.V. and flipped to a Christmas movie. She then brought a bottle of eggnog out for the girls to try once they downed their hot chocolate. Their eyes watched the screen of Christmasthemed characters act out various sentimental storylines as they filled their bladders with the festive drinks.

Both Tori and Lilly’s shorts had mostly dried. However, their bladders beckoned to rewet them. Lilly fidgeted on the floor, the pom-pom of her Santa hat bobbling. She pressed the heel of her fluffy socks underneath her for some extra pressure-holding. After a while, however, it became too much. The blonde bashfully announced,

“I’m gonna go to the bathroom. Can we pause the movie?”

Tori’s mother was quick to answer. “Oh, Lilly dear, it’s ok, you can just go in your shorts! No need to get up.”

"Are you sure?" Lilly asked, her usually cheerful voice a tad timid.

"Of course, silly Lilly! You know there's no rules here!"

Lilly liked the response. However, sitting on a red and green rug, she began to get up and hover over the hardwood floor so as to not damage the decorative carpet. But Keri again reassured her daughter’s friend;

“Lilly, don’t bother, you can just go where you are.”

The blonde hesitated, glancing at her friend. Tori’s blank expression and approving nod gave Lilly the final step of permission she needed. At once, she relaxed, letting the gentle trickle slowly soak into her panties. The stream soon penetrated the thin fabric and made its home into the thick cotton of Lilly’s

Santa shorts, again turning the red into dark maroon. Lilly gasped in warmth and pleasure. The hot coco had entered warm, and exited warm. A wet patch spread through the rug, but Keri didn’t flinch, not a care in the world.

Tori couldn’t pay attention to the movie; the sight and sound of her friend letting go delightfully jingled her mind. She too dreamt of a yellow Christmas. Tori took her mother’s permission to let Lilly wet as permission for herself. She promptly relaxed, letting her own liquid pour into her panties and shorts. The warmth caressed the flesh around her lap and inner thighs like a massage from countless fingers. Her puddle soaked into the carpet, until her and Lilly’s wet patches became indistinguishable.

She leaned towards Lilly and delivered a whisper,

"I went too!" Both girls giggled in glee.

A clatter on the floor broke both girls from their mesmerizing trance of relaxation. An ornament had fallen from the tree.

“Don’t worry girls, I’ll get it!” chimed Keri.

The mother grabbed the ornament and rose from her seat, standing tall to hook it on one of the upper branches. As she did so, a jet of pee escaped into her plaid pajama pants.

“Oopsies, I peed a little!” the woman’s voice squeaked in feigned embarrassment as if she were still her daughter’s age. “Oh well, no sense in holding it now.”

As she spoke the words, Keri let her muscles give in to the remaining torrent of piss, which burst forth in a series of spurts within the cotton walls of her pants. Dark streaks sprouted at various points down her legs, the lurching liquid soaking completely down to the cuffs. The pee pounded on the floor; the tree skirt absorbed a portion of the puddle. Pale droplets dripped from the fabric like melting snow.

“Ahhhh, so much better!” sighed Keri.

A squelching sound rung through the room as she sat back down in her saturated pants.

The trio continued their movie, sipping on their beverages and letting little spurts sprinkle out as they pleased. Once the credits rolled, Keri suggested they all open their presents.

“Who’s ready to unwrap some gifts?”

Tori and Lilly both happily clapped. They each grabbed a wrapped box, both covered in gleaming gold wrapping paper and topped with a glittered golden bow. Tori unwrapped hers first. She tore off the paper and revealed a cardboard box. Opening the box, she pulled out some sort of heavy blanket. The packaging read absorbent throw, can hold up to two gallons of water.

“Thanks mom!” Tori’s heart thumped with excitement.

Surely this gift would see much use at college. She could drape it over her lounge chairs, or even atop her bed for a more comfy alternative to plastic sheets.

Lilly was next. She ripped through the paper to uncover a package of different colored athletic shorts.

They were the double-layer shorts that contained a pair of spandex underneath, connected to another looser-fitting layer. The advertisements explained that the polyester material was water-wicking and would not change colors when wet - the perfect disguise for a public wetting.

“Wow, thanks Ms. Franklin, I love these!”

Tori’s mother smiled. Even though both girls’ secret dirty deeds definitely landed them a spot on the naughty list, bad girls could still get good gifts. Especially if Keri had a say in it.

“How about you girls test out your new gifts?”

Tori draped her new blanket over the couch as Lilly changed into one of her new shorts. They both sat together atop the couch, snuggled together and ready to watch another movie. It wasn’t long until both had to pee again, and they did not put up a fight. Tori allowed her bladder to deflate, gushing out a warm wave which re-wet her shorts. Sure enough, her new gift absorbed it all. Lilly let go too, dowsing the fabric in her own liquid, but the polyester shorts concealed any visible evidence.

Keri grinned at the girls enjoying her gifts. She collected the empty plates and glasses and took them to the kitchen. As soon as she left, Lilly took something from her pocket and dangled it over her and Tori’s heads. The green needles and red berries were unmistakable: mistletoe.

“Uh oh, you know what that means!” giggled Lilly.

Tori’s mouth etched into a flirtatious smirk. She leaned forward and kissed her friend. It truly was a happy holiday.

== The Jogger ==

Step one, step two. Left foot right. Tori glanced down at the ground to see her tennis-shoed feet stride back and forth. She didn’t particularly mean to, but she found herself subconsciously dodging the cracks between concrete slabs. Her mother’s footsteps pitter-pattered beside her. Her feet weren’t so careful; she stepped on the cracks without regard, breaking her own back.

Tori enjoyed going on walks with her mother. It served as a break from their apartment, the crisp winter air a refreshing interlude from indoor life. This winter had been warmer than usual, but Tori still stayed snuggled under her brown puffy coat, winter hat, and thick, black leggings. The black color was chosen on purpose - and her mom did the same for presumably the same reason. They frequented this park, as it stood just a few blocks from their apartment.

With each step, the atomic particles sent the vibrations up her foot, shin, thigh, crotch, until finally resonating with her bladder. Both mother and daughter did their due diligence to stay hydrated for their walk. However, another motivation tip-toed beneath the surface. Tori usually engaged in her secret habit in private, but when in the presence of her mother (or another fellow wetter), she always felt safe enough to push the boundaries.

Once her bladder level reached adequate levels, Tori relaxed. However, an approaching jogger forced her to clamp shut her opening. The urine inside her reversed course, her heart skipping a beat. To Tori’s disappointment, the female 20-something jogger seemed to be running straight towards them, slowing down to a brisk walk. As her pace slowed, Tori could notice the telltale signs of desperation peek through the jogger’s toughened facade. Her toned legs shifted back and forth, as if still running.

“Excuse me, do you know where the restroom is? I’m not from around here.” The jogger directed the question towards Tori’s mother.

A blonde ponytail sprouted from her ear-warmer headband.

All three of them stopped. Tori’s mother smiled before responding with her own question.

“In town for the holidays?”

“Yep. Visiting family. We live on Filler Street.”

“Oh nice! We live just a couple streets down from there. What’s your family’s last name if you don’t mind me asking?” Tori’s mom seemed to be stalling.

Tori internally winced, hoping her mom wouldn’t ‘play games’ with the jogger. Just let the poor girl go, she wanted to say. She’s not like us.

The jogger tried to return a friendly response, but her shaking voice and writhing body caused her to grow impatient. “The Bladwells,” she replied quickly.

“Oh I know them! You must be the daughter. Back home from college? Tori here is also back from school for the holidays.”

Tori smiled and offered a muffled

“Hi” before staring down at her feet, attempting to nonverbally tell her mother to let the poor girl go.

It was then that Tori noticed a twinkle gleam in her eye. Tiny bits of light reflected off her mother’s leggings, black and shiny from a developing wetness. Her mother was peeing her pants, right in front of the jogger. Tori couldn’t believe her eyes. Sure, the two of them had dared wet in public before, but this close to a stranger? Lines of steam began to radiate off her mother’s legs.

The jogger just smiled and nodded. Her eyes glanced down, then her eyebrows furled. Did she notice? If she did, she must have been too distracted by her aching bladder to care.

“Please ma’am, the bathroom?”

Tori’s mother finally conceded. “Oh yeah, I’m sorry! We’re actually close, if you just keep going on this path, it’s right before the corner on your right. However, if I were you, ahhhhh,” Tori’s mother sighed as she released that last hot gush of piss. “I wouldn’t bother. Those restrooms are disgusting!” Before the jogger could question the advice, Tori’s mother continued,

“The trail’s pretty bare, plus you’re in black jogging pants, so no one would notice an accident.”

The jogger’s face wrinkled in confusion, but she did not protest nor cast judgment. Instead, she just offered a “Thank you so much!” before running towards the restroom. Tori turned around and watched the jogger as she and her mother continued their walk. To Tori’s surprise, the jogger ran right past the bathroom.

“I hope she took my advice,” Tori’s mother said. “I know I did. It feels so much better on a cold day.”

With the path cleared, Tori relaxed. Her pants immediately filled with her hot urine, warming her lap and legs against the chilling winter air. Clouds of steam rose from the wet fabric. She purposefully slid her legs together with every stride, soaking in the feeling of the warm wet leggings massaging her thighs. Her mother was right - it did feel much better.

Mother and daughter eventually made it back to the parking lot, ending their walk. Just in time, Tori thought. Her legs had begun to freeze after the warmth dissipated. Before getting in the car, she rewarmed them with another fresh jet of piss. She knew keeping a little left was a good idea.

“Me too,” said Tori’s mother, taking notice of her daughter’s second wave.

She too let another burst into her leggings before sitting in the driver’s seat.

It was then Tori noticed a familiar face across the parking lot: the jogger. She entered her own car and drove off. As Tori’s mother drove out of the parking lot, Tori could swear she saw a wet spot on the concrete where the jogger’s car had been.

== A meal well enjoyed ==

“Oh I’m so hungry!” exclaimed Tori’s mother.

The mother and daughter had just sat down at a table at their local steakhouse. Tori agreed with her - she too felt the pangs of hunger rumbling in her stomach. Going out was a bit of an afterthought; Tori’s mom had accidentally burnt their previously-planned dinner, prompting the both of them to use this as an excuse to eat out. Therefore, it was already past 8:00 pm by the time they sat down. Fortunately, this meant they would see the end of the typical dinner rush-hour.

“Hi, I’m Amy, what can I get y’all to drink?” a friendly voice chirped.

Tori glanced up from her menu to see the waitress. She must have only been a few years older than

Tori; her blonde hair was tied up, but a few strands in the front framed her pronounced cheekbones and smiling lips. The smile appeared forced, and one of her blue eyes half-squinted. Tori could hear a rapid tapping on the floor, gazing downwards to see the waitress’s foot clapping up and down. Tori had seen the signs before - she knew poor Amy had to pee.

“Water is fine,” replied Tori.

Her mother made the same request, but also added, “Could you just bring an entire pitcher? We’re pretty thirsty!”

The waitress Amy happily agreed. Tori saw her trudge towards the kitchen, bouncing with each step.

“Someone has to pee!” noted Tori’s mother.

Tori tilted her head. Did she notice the waitress? Or was she referring to them? Tori did wear her black jeans - just in case. However, her mother was wearing regular jeans, which would surely show.

The waitress soon returned with two tall glasses of water and a pitcher filled to the brim.

“H-Here you go!” she happily stated, setting each liquid container onto the table. Her legs crossed beneath her waitress-apron.

“A-Are you both ready to order?”

Tori almost replied yes. She did in fact have her meal picked out, and she knew her mom had all but confirmed the dish she’d been eyeing. However, to her surprise, her mother denied.

“Could we get a few more minutes actually?”

“Y-Yeah, sure!” said Amy.

Was that a bit of panic in her voice? Was her mother stalling again, just like with the jogger the other day? Bouts of laughter broke through Tori’s brain. Several tables around them remained full of families finishing up their meals, having a good time.

After a few of the tables eventually cleared, Amy returned. Her hand was somewhere under her apron.

“You both ready now?”

“Yes, actually,” Tori’s mother responded. “But could you refill our pitcher first?”

The waitress’s eyes spread open in shock to see the pitcher already empty to just the ice. Tori and her mother had made quick use of the liquid; Tori could already feel it inflating her bladder.

“Yes, sure th-thing,” uttered Amy.

She gripped the pitcher and nearly ran towards the kitchen.

A minute later Amy returned to the table with a full pitcher. She plopped it down on the table, a little less gracefully than last time. Some water splashed out.

“Oh I’m so sorry!”

“It’s okay!” both Tori and her mother said at the same time.

Amy smiled. “Well while I’m here, did y’all decide yet?”

“Yes, we’re ready!” blurted out Tori. She didn’t want to make the poor girl wait any longer - if she was indeed waiting for them. As Amy readied her notepad, Tori ordered,

“I’ll have the grilled chicken salad and a side of baked potato soup.”

Her mother took a moment to deliberate. “Is the shrimp scampi good here?”

“Yes, i-it’s quite good I think,” the waitress replied.

Tori’s mother kept stalling. “What about the New York Strip? Would you recommend that?”

The waitress looked as though she were being tortured. “U-um, yeah, that one is very good..”

“I’ll just have the shrimp scampi,” decided Tori’s mother after a few minutes of back-abd-forth, apparently having mercy on the waitress.

Amy almost sighed in relief. “Alright, so one grilled chicken salad with a side of baked potato soup and one shrimp scampi dish?”

“Sounds good,” answered Tori’s mother. “But one more thing - are you okay? I couldn’t help but notice you look quite uncomfortable.”

Amy bit her lip before answering. “Oh yeah, I’m fine…”

“Do you have to pee?” Tori was surprised the words exited her own mouth.

Her mother’s shocked yet approving gaze met her own.

“Yes actually!” The waitress seemed elated that the source of her discomfort had been discovered.

“They don’t usually let us go during the busy hours.”

Tori looked to the adjacent table to see its occupants leave. “Well it looks like the place is starting to clear up, so I hope they let you go soon.”

“Thanks! I hope so too…” Amy replied, her voice begging, as if hoping the manager could overhear her yearning need.

She hobbled towards her next table.

After about twenty minutes, the waitress returned donning both dishes. “Sssorry about that wait,” she whimpered, setting each plate on the table.

“Anything else?”

“It’s okay! And I think we’re good for now,” responded Tori’s mother.

Once again, Amy wobbled off to her other waitress duties. After a few bites of her salad, Tori noticed one of the employees placing “Out of Order” signs on each bathroom - just in time for the evening rush to end. “Poor waitress,” Tori stated, pointing towards the bathrooms.

Tori’s mother glanced in that direction before returning to her food. “Oh well,” she replied, rather nonchalantly.

Tori began to feel for Amy - after all, she too started to squirm in her seat. She saw Amy eventually walk towards the restroom, only for her fists to clench and her legs to shake in panic. She then disappeared into the kitchen.

Amy came back to their table shortly after Tori and her mother both cleared their plates.

“S-save room for d-dessert?” The poor girl fumbled through her words. She looked ready to pop - a bulge poked through her apron.

“Yes, I think we are going to share a slice of the chocolate cheesecake,” Tori’s mom replied. “Also, are you okay? I saw that the bathrooms were out of order?”

“Y-yeah, a pipe - burst - and now they’re closed for the night. And I still need to… Ughhh..”

The last table besides their own walked out the door. Tori wanted to tell the poor waitress that it was okay if she needed to relieve some of the pressure. Luckily, her mother spoke first.

“Well your uniform pants are black, and your apron covers your front. And looks like we’re the last customers. We wouldn’t say anything if you just.. Let some out.”

Amy initially had her eyes and teeth both clamped shut. But when she heard those words, both shot open.

“R-really?” Her expression appeared perplexed, but the tone in her voice communicated contemplation.

Tori’s mother went on.

“Yes dear, honesty… Just go. You’ll feel much better.”

She muttered the magic words. Tori would usually be taken aback by her mother telling a stranger to wet herself, but she secretly wanted to tell her the same thing.

Amy jolted, grabbing at her crotch from over her apron.

“Oh.. It might come out on its own anyway…” She bent down and groaned. Finally, she stood back up.

Turning her head, she confirmed that they were indeed the only ones left besides the kitchen staff.

“Ok. Ok. I’ll try it..”

To Tori’s astonishment, Amy moved her apron out of the way so Tori and her mother could see. The waitress expelled an extensive sigh of pure relief, finally giving in to her body’s demands. There was nothing at first - but then the slightest change of shade formed on the crotch of the black pants. Another sigh, and the patch expanded, the wetness sparkling against the restaurant’s accent lighting. It pushed downwards, like two shadowy hands reaching down her legs.

“Ohhhh….” she moaned.

Once finished, Amy flicked the apron back over the front of her pants. She shook her head and blinked her eyes, as if coming to her senses. The trembling subsided.

“Oh, um, yeah, your cake! I’ll get that to you right away!”

The waitress retreated to the kitchen, seemingly flustered at the realization of what she just did.

“Well, that makes me have to go too! Tori, honey, could you grab a few napkins off that table?” asked her mother.

Tori, awe-stricken by what just occurred, melted away her motionlessness and reached for a wad of the cloth napkins sitting on the table beside them. Tori’s mother layered them together and placed them on her seat underneath her. Tori did the same.

As soon as she sat down, she heard her mother sigh. “Ohhhh yeah, that’s better,” her mother moaned.

The hiss was unmistakable as her jeans flooded.

Tori relaxed herself. Warmth overflowed her panties and seeped into her pants. The black jeans soon followed a transformation similar to the waitress’s pants - the black fabric converting into a wet, shiny, sheen. Tori closed her eyes and took in the feeling of warmth caressing her lap. The layers of cloth napkins acted as a towel, absorbing the liquid which pooled beneath her.

Soon the waitress came back with the slice of cheesecake. “Here you go!”

Her voice sounded more chipper.

“Thanks! Did anyone notice?” prodded Tori’s mother.

Amy’s face sported a sly smile.

“Nope! Thanks for the advice! I just made sure to only show my front.”

She gripped her apron to call to attention her shield.

“Well, you’re not the only one,” explained Tori’s mother.

She turned in her seat to face Amy, revealing the prominent wet spot painted on her jeans. Tori scooted out her chair and spread her legs so the waitress could see her saturated black jeans as well.

Amy nearly cried.

“Oh, thanks for doing that, best customers ever! You made this embarrassing situation better!” Her voice broke as she choked back tears.

“Anytime!” chimed Tori’s mother.

Both mother and daughter soon finished their cake and requested the bill. Tori’s mother left a hefty tip.

She and Tori left satisfied, in more ways than one

== Told To No More ==

The entirety of the break consisted of Tori and her mother freely wetting, no matter where in the apartment they were or what they were doing. If the urge struck while baking Christmas cookies, Tori would simply relax and let it soak into her shorts and drip to the floor, confirming the act’s permission by looking over to see a wet patch peeking through her mom’s baking apron where it wrapped around her crotch. 

If the pee twinge struck while eating dinner, Tori and her mother would drench the kitchen chair and sit in their puddle for the duration of the meal. If Tori needed to go while doing laundry, the decision was simple: let loose into whatever undergarments and pants she had on and just toss it in the washer when done. Mopping was equally as simple a choice - Tori would soak her pants and simply mop up the puddle as soon as it splattered on the floor. Whether in bed, laying on the couch, playing on her computer at her desk - it didn’t matter. Tori’s muscles remained relaxed, always ready to release the warm torrent into her pants. Neither mother nor daughter used the toilet once. However, Tori always made sure to clean up her messes and protect any soft surfaces.

One night, much like the first time Tori wet, both her and her mother lounged on the couch watching a movie when Tori noticed the need to pee. Her legs sat encased in a pair of insulated leggings, while her mother wore her yoga pants. However, the plastic covers were not currently wrapped around the cushions; Tori had removed them earlier for easier cleaning, but had forgotten to put them back on. She turned towards her mother to express her need.

“I have to pee.”

Her mother’s eyes didn’t leave the T.V. screen. “That’s okay,” she calmly replied.

Tori wasn’t sure what her mother meant. She leaned forward to stand up, but her mother objected.

“Tori, don’t leave, you’re going to miss the good part of the movie!”

Tori was confused. Of course she would normally wet where she sat, but the cushions usually resided beneath a layer of protection, and she wanted to spare the furniture any damage.

“But I have to pee..?” Tori reminded, gripping the cushions to call attention to their lack of a covering.

Her mother wasted no time in her response.

“It’s ok dear, just pee your pants. Right where you are. It’s ok.”

Tori wanted to, but hesitated. The couch was leather, but it still felt wrong… Which strangely made Tori want to comply with her mother’s permission even more. And after a while, she did. Tori opened the floodgates - only a sliver at first - and let the warm trickle slowly saturate the layers. Her panties, then leggings, then - she stopped. The warm liquid made its home inside Tori’s pants, providing enough alleviation for now so she could wait until after the movie to finish. But she wanted more - and her mom already told her to. So Tori continued pushing out the stream. It seeped out the fabric of her pants and pooled on the couch cushion. Some of it drizzled and disappeared in the cracks between cushions, some of it drooled and dripped to the floor, and some remained pooled beneath Tori’s butt. Needless to say,

Tori didn’t pay much attention to the movie. The naughtiness of her most recent act filled her head instead. She shifted in her seat to soak up additional liquid, crossed her legs to let the wet-clinging fabric caress her privates, and pressed her tongue against the inside of her cheek. Absorbing every moment.

************

It was Tori’s last week of break. After freely wetting for nearly a month, her body had forgotten how to wait for a bathroom. Although not opposed to that prospect, Tori still wanted to keep her public life separate from her secret habit, and therefore decided to re-accustom herself to the bathroom before going back to college.

Tori and her mother reclined on the couch and watched T.V. like most days. The plastic still wrapped around each cushion, so when the familiar twinge emerged below, Tori almost instinctively relaxed. She remembered her initial plan, however. She then squeezed her muscles shut and stood up. Not even halfway through the room, her mother spoke up.

“Tori, where are you going?”

Tori stopped. “Umm.. the bathroom.”

Her mother continued. “Honey, don’t you know by now you don’t have to get up!”

“...Yeah, I know, but I just figured I’d get used to…” Tori tried to explain but her mother cut her off.

“Just pee in your pants silly! It’s okay!”

Tori knew she should go to the bathroom. But oddly, she seemed to ignore her conscious mind, instead obeying her mother’s words, as if transfixed. She stole one last glance towards the direction of the bathroom before succumbing to her mother’s spellbinding words. She stopped squeezing her muscles.

The gates opened. The familiar warmth absorbed into her pajama shorts, caressing her skin with the gentle touch of soothing liquid. It almost felt like a legitimate accident - seeming nearly involuntary.

However, she made no effort to impede the flow, letting the flood slather down her bare legs and trickle onto the floor.

“Ahhhh...see, you know it’s...ahhh….better…” sighed Tori’s mom, also releasing her own flood where she sat. Her gray sweatpants morphed into a shadow-like shade. Tori turned around and re-joined her mother on the couch, squishing her soggy bottom against the covered cushion. Her mother was right.

No matter what, she always liked it.

Throughout the week, Tori did start to secretly use the bathroom again. It was strange; usually she would have to hide her wettings, but here in her mother’s apartment, she had to conceal using the bathroom. Another oddity that stood out to Tori was the consistent lack of covering on the couch. Each time she asked her mother where the plastic sheets were, her mother would reply that she took them off for cleaning and forgot to put them back on. Had Tori's initial mistake inspired something?

Tori began to become aware of cracks in the foundation, of stains in her previously-perceived paradise.

The couch had started to smell from its retained moisture, the piles of towels lumped in saturated heaps in every room, and a backlog of laundry overfilled the laundry room. The mildew odor had also intensified. All these things only reinforced Tori’s decision to retrain her body. She couldn’t let it get out of hand.

On Tori’s last full day of winter break, she decided to spend it doing the usual: movies with mom.

However, spending the day with her mother made it difficult to sneak off to the bathroom. Both mother and daughter lounged on the unprotected couch when Tori’s bladder began to ring the alarms. Holding it proved even harder when her body had grown used to letting it go whenever the need arose. When a warm spurt escaped involuntarily into her panties, Tori determined it was time to finally try the bathroom. Fortunately, her mother’s eyes had closed - perhaps she fell asleep during the movie.

Tori took this as her chance. She slowly and quietly rose from the couch, careful to not shake the cushions. She tip-toed across the living room floor in silence. However, right before she disappeared into the hallway, her mother’s voice rattled her ears.

“Tori! Where are you going?”

Tori thought about lying. But she couldn’t. “I’m going to the bathroom, Mom.” It felt like a repeat of last time. But this time, Tori was dead-set on using the toilet, no matter how badly she preferred her pants.

“But Tori, you’ve gone all break without it! You know you don’t have to. Just go in your…”

“MOM!” Tori shouted, interrupting her mother before she could give explicit verbal instruction. “I am going to the bathroom.”

Her mother’s eyes fluttered open-then-shut on repeat, vibrating as fast as bee wings. A blank expression appeared on her face, portraying thoughtlessness, as if the inner mechanisms of her brain could not compute. Tori just slowly turned away and walked towards the bathroom, unable to comprehend what was going on. For the first time in a month, her pee splashed into the toilet, without a barrier of cloth in its way.

The following morning, Tori packed her car for the return trip to school. Her mother handed her another bag, which Tori tossed in the trunk. “

Hey, I’m sorry for yelling last night…” apologized Tori.

Her mother hugged her. “Tori! It’s ok, silly. No big deal. You’re a big girl, you can do whatever you want!

Remember that.”

Tori smiled, a warmth blossoming in her chest. She and her mother said their goodbyes before Tori pulled out of the parking lot and began the return trip to college.

Tori continued her self-imposed dry spell for the duration of the 5-hour road trip. However, her stubborn refusal to stop for a restroom break did not vanish. As a result, her bladder bulged near its bursting point by the time her car pulled into its usual parking spot in front of her dorm building.

Tori didn’t have time to unload her car. She ran empty-handed up the concrete steps, through the front doors, and into the elevator. Once it reached her floor, she sprinted down the hallway and shoved open her door. Inside, she came face-to-face with a squirming Nadia.

“Tori! Finally! I’ve been waiting for you for over an hour now!” The dark-haired, dark-skinned 19-yearold had both hands buried between her twisted jeans-covered legs.

“I didn't get to wet myself for the entire break! So I held it on the way here and waited for you, so we could do it together! To start the semester right!”

Normally, such a gesture would have immediately persuaded Tori to flood herself right then and there.

But she knew she needed to restore her body’s bathroom-training lest she flush all bladder control down the toilet.

“I-I don’t know, N-Nadia, I think I’m just gonna use the bathroom..” Tori’s writhing shudders resembled

Nadia’s.

“Boooo!” protested Nadia. “Don’t be boring, Tori! I’ve waited sooo long! I really have to pee, and I want to pee my pants. Please do it with me!”

Both roommates violently vibrated against their respective waves of desperation. Tori hesitated, nearly losing it. Her legs shook and shivered. Nadia’s begging grew more and more tempting, as did the desire to release it all.

“Alright Tori. On the count of three, you’re going to wet your pants with me! ONE! TWO!

..Ahhhhhhh….three.” Nadia’s voice whimpered on three.

She lost it after two. At once, her jeans immediately underwent an internal pressure-wash, as Nadia’s steaming piss sprayed into the denim. Dark trails of glistening wetness shot down her legs as her body’s squirms finally subsided.

“Ohhhhh...Ahhhhhh….” she moaned. “F-finally…”

Nadia’s instruction to wet finally broke through Tori’s wall of determination. It seemed as though

Nadia’s words possessed the same alluring effect of her mother’s, like a magic phrase that coerced her to wet. Tori released the pent-up pressure, forcefully and delightfully guzzling out a hot river of piss straight into her jeans. The wave of warmth drenched every fiber of fabric down to her feet. She adored it, addicted, as she let herself relapse into the relief and release.

“This semester is going to be even better than the last!" chimed Nadia, playfully splashing her feet in her puddle.

“Yeah it is,” uttered Tori, perfectly content.

Although she did worry about her mother, Tori was not ready to give this up. She could keep up her habit without letting it control her. Her mother’s words returned:

“It’s ok. You can do whatever you want.”

I can do whatever I want, thought Tori. I can keep wetting without letting it take over my life or get out of hand. I can do it! Tori told herself. And she always did what she was told.

== Explanations ==

“See you soon honey. Be there in 3.21 hours!”

Tori’s mom texted her, referencing the exact ETA of her GPS app. It was Parent’s Day at Tori’s university.

Tori and her roommates deep-cleaned their apartment and quit wetting for the week in preparation.

Tori’s mother was the only one of their parents who knew about her daughter’s wetting habit.

Tori planned on showing her mother, Keri, around campus, which had several family-friendly informational booths set up to showcase the various clubs and programs the university had going on.

Afterwards, the mother and daughter would visit Kassie’s house, the school women’s soccer coach,

Tori’s aunt, and Keri’s sister. Tori had gotten lunch with her aunt a few times, but this would be the first time inside her home. Tori wondered if Aunt Kassie shared the same habit as her and her mother - and if so, would her indulgence be evident in her home? She remembered Alicia’s story about the soccer girls and how Aunt Kassie made them wet during practice. Did she follow her own rules?

Tori told her mother to show up half an hour later than the other parents. She knew her mother would most likely not stop for any bathroom breaks with a good change she'd show up wet, and she did not want the other parents to find out about their family’s secret. Sure enough, when Keri rang the doorbell and Tori swung open the door, the first thing she noticed was a prominent wet patch completely covering the front of her mother’s jeans.

“Tori, honey, hello! Do you think I could change really quick?”

Tori hugged her mother and showed her to Tori’s bedroom. Keri soon emerged in a pair of olive cargo capri pants. Tori thought about using the restroom before they hit the campus, but instinctively ignored the urge. Both ladies then headed to campus.

********

A couple hours later, both Tori and Keri decided they had enough of the school-mandated fun. They walked towards the parking lot and Tori hopped into the passenger seat of her mother’s car. Keri took the wheel. “It’s a nice school, Tori! Seeing it in real life makes me happy you chose this one. But I’m ready to visit Kassie, can you believe I haven’t seen my own sister in almost a year?”

Tori smiled. She liked her school too, but mostly because of her and her roommates' antics. Once the pair pulled into Kassie’s driveway, Tori noticed her aunt sitting on her patio, the table set, already ready for her familial guests. Tori and her mother stepped out of the car. Her mother greeted Kassie.

“Sister! Long time no see!”

“Hey Keri,” replied Kassie in her short, brief tone. “Tori. How’re you doin?”

“Good!” Tori returned.

The ladies followed Kassie onto her patio deck. They each took a seat at the umbrella-covered table.

Various finger foods accompanied a large pitcher of ice water.

The female relatives got to talking, catching up on their lives. Tori already had to pee before arriving, but after the pitcher diminished to just ice, she figured it was time to relieve herself. She would also use this as an opportunity to probe the extent of her aunt’s immersion in the wetting culture.

“Hey, Aunt Kassie, where’s your bathroom? I need to go..”

Kassie’s forehead crinkled as if confused by the question. It took her a moment to answer.

“Oh. Um. It’s just inside, down the hall, to the right. But um.. Don’t bother. I’m getting the toilet fixed.”

Tori still had several questions. Before she could press any more, her mother interjected.

“Sis, I have to go too.” Her statement almost sounded like a question.

Kassie nodded towards Keri, as if telepathically communicating an answer. They then resumed their previous conversion. Tori felt profoundly perplexed. That was, until, the purr of liquid trickling on fabric suddenly filled the voids in between words. Tori noticed her mother’s lips quivering slightly. Glancing over, she saw her mother’s lawn chair filling with liquid, until the urine poured over the edge and splattered on the deck before disappearing between the gaps between the wooden planks.

Kassie had to have noticed. But she obviously did not care. The apparent apathy confirmed some of

Tori’s suspicions. A second patterning sound answered another question. Keri and Kassie continued chatting while Tori searched for the source of the second noise. The glass tabletop surface provided a relatively clear view of her aunt’s lap. Tori could see the blurry yet obvious image of her aunt’s blue track pants growing darker, accompanied with the thuds of drips slapping against the wooden deck below. The sounds of release only ignited Tori’s urge further.

Her aunt did not care if others wet, and she partook herself. But did she give permission like Alicia alleged? Tori really needed to pee, so she decided to answer her final question by asking her aunt a different one.

She finally spoke up, asking, “Aunt Kassie. Is it okay if I, just, go here?”

Her aunt wasted no time in her response. “Not a problem. Just go if you need to.”

The permission felt just as if it was her mother who was giving it. Tori wasted almost no time in heeding her aunt’s advice. She gave in to her body’s demands and desires, letting her muscles slide open. The familiar torrent flooded her jean shorts in the unfamiliar place, and soon the third set of splattering drips hit the deck floor. The warmth pooled between Tori’s legs - the alluring sensation never ceased to comfort her. She observed her mother’s and aunt’s expressions, neither of whom seemed to show any worry over the college student deliberately wetting herself.

With the wetting seal broken, Tori decided to bring up the soccer scandal and fulfill a favor to Alicia.

“So, um, Aunt Kassie, I should probably tell you, that girl Alicia, the former soccer team manager who wrote that article? Well, she’s one of my roommates. And she’s really sorry.”

Kassie’s expression remained unchanged.

“No worries. Water under the bridge. Not like any of the players did anything wrong, they were just following my rules.”

Tori wanted to press further. To ask why her aunt had such rules, if they were related to her own interest. Something inside her prevented her from interrogating anymore, however. Instead, her mom interjected,

“What’re you talking about?”

“Oh nothing. Just some sports rumors,” Kassie replied. “Anyways, how ‘bout a refill and some more snacks? I’ll be right back.”

She got up and slid open the porch door. Tori tried to sneak a glimpse inside, but the door slid shut before she could make out much of the interior.

“What was that all about?” Tori’s mom asked.

“Oh nothing. My friend just wrote in the school paper about how the girls’ soccer team would, you know, pee their pants during practice.” Tori left out the part about her aunt’s rules.

Keri seemed unfazed at her daughter’s explanation.

“Oh, well that’s no big deal. Probably a lot more convenient for those athletes to just go whenever they need to anyway.”

Her mother’s nonchalant reaction almost frustrated Tori. She revealed the rest.

“And Aunt Kassie told them to. Like a rule. No bathroom during practice.”

Tori didn’t know why she felt the need to reveal such; it seemed like a dream scenario to her. To have permission to pee whenever and wherever? But the remaining sliver of the regular side of her knew that an authority figure barking such orders was indeed problematic, whether or not the orders originated from a relative. Still, her mother appeared unperturbed.

“Well, seems like a reasonable rule to me! No reason to halt practice for the pesky bathroom.”

Again, the apathetic answer struck Tori strangely. Her mind ever-so-briefly emerged from its bubble of pure desire. Why were her mother and aunt seemingly immune to these realizations? Why did they seem so fixated on telling others to wet? Tori gazed down at her lap. Her darkened jean shorts stared back at her. She stifled in her seat, causing a wave to splash off the chair and splatter on the deck. She enjoyed this, right? Then why was she trying to ruin it with all these thoughts and questions?

Suddenly, she heard the sliding of the porch door, looking up just in time to see Kassie exiting her house.

Tori tried once more to peek inside, but again the door shut too fast to make out any images. However, a gust of interior air leaked out. Enough for Tori to catch a pronounced whiff of mildew.

This ignited the spark Tori needed to finally ask the final question. Why. Why did her mother, and her aunt apparently, do this? Why did they wet? Why did they tell others to wet? Why just young-adult girls? All Tori had to do was ask why. However, she just couldn’t bring herself to actually ask it. The words stood frozen at the tip of her tongue, unable to escape. The words filled her, begging to burst out, but like someone who had never wet themselves before after years of toilet-training, the words simply refused to come out.

Instead, Tori managed to muster a different question. One that would hopefully at least answer part of the why. Once Kassie sat down and set the refilled pitcher and snack plate on the table, Tori took a deep breath.

“So, mom and Aunt Kassie, when was the first time you both peed your pants? As, you know, an adult?”

Tori couldn’t believe she just uttered the words. It was the first time she asked her mother so bluntly about their shared interest.

Also for the first time, both women seemed taken aback by Tori’s wetting-related question. They answered nonetheless. Both Keri and Kassie told the story of the boat, each sister contributing different details. Keri’s desperation. The fishing. Their mother’s line getting snagged. The amulet. It sparkling in the sun. Their mother telling Keri to just pee her pants. Keri obeying. Kassie looking at her sister with envy and wetting herself too.

“Yeah, and remember when mom tried to sell that amulet to the gift shop, but the shopkeeper refused because he said it was cursed?” Kassie chuckled at the memory.

“He was probably just uncomfortable around two girls who just wet their pants!” joked Keri.

Tori’s ears perked up. Did her mother just acknowledge the oddity of pants-wetting?

However, as the two sisters finished recalling the story, their tones turned back to normal.

“What were we just talking about?” asked Kassie.

“Huh, I don’t know,” replied Keri.

Tori still had many unanswered questions. For some reason, however, she decided to just let it all go.

Likewise, as the familiar twinge reemerged below, she decided to let that go as well. She basked in the warmth as she enjoyed the rest of the day with her mom and aunt.

== Sacrifice ==

Her left hand scribbled atop the table, her right hand resting gently but firmly atop her lap. The scratching of graphite on looseleaf provided the only audible sound in the silent classroom. Tori’s hand and mind worked perfectly in sync as she put her exam skills to the test.

Although most of the other students dreaded this hour, Tori felt right in her element. Hours of study and preparation aided in her prompt readiness to ace this midterm. Still, this did not mean she was freed of any stress. Her legs took turns from fanning in and out to bouncing up and down. Every few minutes, her hand would move up to her head, itching her scalp through her strands of brunette locks. Her bulging bladder pressing again the waistband of her skinny jeans only amplified her antsy actions. Oddly enough, a full bladder actually helped her think. It jarred her mind and body to stay alert, similar to office employees who work more efficiently with the air conditioning cranked to cold. Her teeth thus clamped down on her lower lip from the combined pressures of testing anxiety and budding desperation.

Tori’s eyes kept drifting up at the clock. Half an hour through this period, half of the test left to go. She was right on time. A squeaking chair stole her attention from the exam for a brief moment - someone had already gotten up to turn in their test. How? Were they more prepared than Tori? Or perhaps they had simply given up. Either way, Tori refocused on her dual tasks at hand - finishing and holding.

Minutes later after flipping to the last page and final problem, Tori again snuck a quick glance at the clock. Fifteen minutes. Tori breathed a sigh of relief. Her body relaxed and the heat melted off her face - she had this in the bag. Fifteen minutes for one problem - she would surely finish this exam, with extra time to check over her answers. Her mind fully focused solely on finishing this last problem. Her pencilgripping hand made no hesitation; she knew exactly how to answer this question. Another wave of relief rushed through her. This time, as her anxiety dissipated, a delightful warmth developed in her lap. Tori kept writing as the warmth heated up further. The final push of this test relaxed Tori much more than she expected. Her entire body seemed to know it was about to cross the finish line as more warmth and release applauded her.

It wasn’t until Tori could hear drips splatter on the tiled floor that she knew the source of these pleasant sensations. Her pencil stopped. She looked down at her lap in horror. A dark navy patch on her blue jeans stared menacingly back up at her. A pool submerged the entire surface of the plastic desk chair.

The heat returned to Tori’s face, hotter than before. A second wave of anxiety gut-punched her. She froze. Glancing up at the clock again, she knew she had to finish the test. However, with the slightest shift, her butt sent ripples along the chair’s pool which pushed some of the liquid off the chair. It slapped the tiles with a shrieking splat. Tori’s eyes just remained fixed downwards on her desk surface.

She could see movement in her peripherals - she could feel her classmates’ stares stabbing into her spine. Still, Tori shoved the embarrassment to the backburner and finished writing the last bit of her answer. No point in going back and checking her answers - shame had completely clouded her mind.

As soon as she finished writing, Tori looked up. The test proctor was already looking straight at her. His eyebrows raised, his mouth open half-way, as if frozen in time mid-conversation. He obviously lacked any preparation as to how to react to such an occurrence - he thought the only potential drama of the day would result in a possible reprimand of a test-cheater caught red-handed, not a college student wetting herself.

Another student got up to go turn in her test. This finally broke the proctor from his perplexed daze as he accepted the exam from her. Before the student walked out the door, she turned her head towards

Tori, inspecting the source of the splattering. Her face contorted into disbelief and disgust before disappearing out the door.

Chuckling from behind Tori tore at her skin. A male student stood up to turn in his test, one hand covering his mouth. Tori could feel her tear ducts start to perspire. How could she let this happen? She was always in control. However, she thought back to her first weeks of deliberate wetting and how overdoing it took a toll on her bladder. Ever since her new living situation with the P Team, Tori’s frequency of purposeful wetting had only amplified. Had her body forgotten how to hold?

Either way, Tori knew she needed to escape before shame and embarrassment buried her alive. She cautiously inched up off her chair, careful not to knock loose any more of the puddle. A few stray drops fell from her saturated bottom and splashed into the puddle. Her feet shuffled through the thin pool on the floor as she walked down the classroom aisle to turn in her test. However, in her haste to leave, her wet shoes squeaked against the tiled floor, drawing eyes from the rest of the class who now had full view of the back of her saturated jeans. Tori could feel her fellow pupil’s pupils digging through her skin from every direction. Gasps and subdued snickers accompanied her walk of shame. Unlike her pee, she held the tears in, maintaining a collected poker face.

She handed her test to the proctor at the front of the classroom. In a nervous, shaking voice, he whispered to Tori,

“D-don’t worry about cleaning. I’ll c-call the janitor. Just go clean yourself up.”

Tori nodded and walked out the door, attempting to fix her gait as if nothing had happened despite the wet squelching of each footstep. After exiting, she saw a group of students huddled outside the door - the same students who had all finished the test before her. Their voices hushed as Tori strode past them. Her pace increased towards the building’s exit - she had to get out of here.

Tori sped-walk through campus. She had about five minutes until the period shift and crowds of students emerged from each building. Her thighs suddenly grew warm, and Tori realized she had started wetting again. Her classroom accident hadn’t emptied her tank. Tori focused on clamping shut her muscles before accelerating her speed-walk into a full-on jog. With each stride, Tori had to remain focused on holding - if not, her body would begin involuntarily wetting again.

She finally made it back to her apartment. Observing the damage, she looked down at her jeans, the darkened denim wet down to her knees. Another warm trickle began to dribble slowly into her panties.

Safely sheltered behind her apartment walls, Tori did not stop it this time. She conceded and let her bladder empty the rest of itself into her jeans. As the warm liquid flowed down her legs, she imagined the shame and guilt of her accident escaping with her urine. Releasing within her residence did not call upon these negative emotions - here it felt warm, comforting, and soothing.

The recent events paired with the aching relief of her bladder made Tori’s knees weak. She set her bookbag on the kitchen counter and sat for a moment on one of the barstools. A bite of coolness nipped against her butt. Shocked, Tori got up and inspected the seat - a puddle sat atop its surface. One of her roommates must have forgotten to clean up one of their wettings. No telling how long it had been sitting there.

Another sharp pang of embarrassment pierced Tori’s insides. She retreated to her bedroom. Walking to the bathroom, she turned on the shower and stepped into the boiling-hot stream in all of her clothes.

She imagined the shame washing off her body with the water and vanishing down the drain, forever.

Her soaked clothes clung to her skin, wrapping her body in a warm, comforting hug. She imagined her clothes telling her, It’s okay, Tori.

A voice echoed the phrase in her mind. "It’s okay, Tori.” However, this time, it was her mother’s voice.

Tori’s body subconsciously obeyed the words, as she felt herself releasing another tiny trickle into her jeans. Of course the tiny spurt drowned out amongst the pouring shower water, but it still frightened

Tori. She was no longer in control. Was she ever?

Weeks later, Tori awoke to her phone buzzing. She knew her groggy voice would struggle to answer, so she let it ring. Another buzz preceded the call, signifying a text. Tori reluctantly grabbed the device and squinted her eyes at the lit screen. It was a text from her father. Tori - I hope everything’s okay and that midterms went well. When are you going to be in town next? I was moving some boxes out of storage and found some old things that you might want to keep.

Tori hadn’t even finished reading when another text came through.

Also - when you’re here, maybe visit your mother? She hasn’t responded the last few weeks that I tried to check in with her.

Tori massaged her eyelids. This weekend was the start of fall break, but she still dreaded going back home. She hadn’t visited in a while, and with last summer’s internship, she had barely been in town at all. Tori knew her mother’s living situation couldn’t be good; she wet just like her daughter, but did not take the same cleaning precautions as Tori and her friends. Tori's last visit revealed just the beginnings of their fetish out-of-control. She had put off seeing her mother out of fear it would make her question her and her roommate’s habits. Still, guilt won out. Tori marked her calendar for a home visit the following weekend.

The decision fully-woke Tori’s mind - no use falling back asleep now. She threw off her covers, her sheets peeling off her moistened thighs. Tori suddenly became aware of the clammy fabric of her shorts and the expansive wet spot encircling her. She shrugged. I am in control, she told herself, denying her apparent incontinence. To prove her point, she voluntarily let go, releasing the last of her morning pee into her shorts and onto her sheets. The comforting warmth felt like a fist-bump or pat-on-the-back. See

Tori. Wetting is your choice!

That Friday, Tori packed her bags and prepared for her trip home. She nearly slipped on a puddle before walking out the door. She internally cursed, complaining in her mind about how lax her roommates had become with their cleaning rules. She didn’t have time to confront anyone, though. She loaded up her car and hit the road.

As the miles passed, the water bottle Tori brought emptied. She sat atop a folded towel. Although not planning on wetting on the trip, Tori knew anything could happen. To her own will, of course. So when she zoned out on the open road and felt a budding warmth between her legs, Tori remained in her state of denial. She wanted this. To prove herself correct, she actually pushed the urine out forcefully. Her hands squeezed the steering wheel as she savored the sensation of her now-wet leggings caressing her inner thighs. This occurred for the entire duration of the drive, with Tori convincing herself that each involuntary trickle was indeed her intent.

Tori changed into her other black leggings before visiting her dad. She double-layered pads underneath just in case, which served her well when the father and daughter shared a lunch together at a nearby restaurant. Several hot trickles sprinkled throughout the entire meet-up. She ordered refills of her large drink to reinforce her internal idea that each of these trickles was her choice. After the visit, Tori loaded the box of old belongings into her trunk, dribbling as she lifted the container and pushed it into place.

She shut her muscles, but as soon as her dad disappeared behind his front door, Tori released. It seeped into her pants as she walked to her car door and sat down on the toweled seat. Only exiting in droplets at a time, it continued as Tori drove to her mother’s.

Tori parked the car in her old apartment’s parking lot. She climbed the stairs to the 5th floor - the place where she used to live, now home to just her mother. Walking down the hall, she came to her mother’s door. The word “Welcome” on the mat was rendered unreadable, covered by a pile of newspapers and envelopes sporting her mother’s name - Keri Franklin. Hesitating, Tori swallowed mouthfuls of air. Her fist finally pounded against the wooden portal.

After a minute of silence, Tori knocked again. This time, the door swung open almost immediately. A frizzled frenzy of dark brown hair surrounded her mother’s make-up smeared face.

“Tori! You made it! Come in!” Keri welcomed.

A gradient of grays splotched about every inch of Keri’s sweatpants. But as soon as Tori stepped inside the apartment, the only thing she could notice was the smell. Mildew fogged the entire space as if Tori were breathing with a pair of her peed-in shorts over her face. Tori pretended not to notice, instead greeting her mother with a smile. She got used to the smell anyway after a while, although her nasal canal and throat eventually went numb. Tori sat on one of the wooden kitchen chairs; she subconsciously avoided the porous surfaces. Keri sat with her, pouring a bag of chips into a bowl and serving Tori a glass of water.

Mother and daughter caught up on the last few months. Tori explained how her midterms went, leaving out the part about her accident. After a pause in the conversion, Tori’s mother spoke up.

“Oh, by the way honey, while you’re here - if you need to go, just go. Don’t worry about the mess, I’ll clean it all later.”

To illustrate her point, Keri exhaled softly while closing her eyes. A faint patter preceding the pounds of pee puddling on the kitchen floor. Swaths of liquid soaked through Keri’s sweatpants. She then brought one leg up and bent her knee with her foot on the chair and rested her head on her knee, still midstream. Once it stopped, she raised her head, her expression fading back to normal.

“Ahh, see, just like that.”

Opposing forces tug-o-warred Tori’s brain. She longed for this freedom of wetting with her mother, but she was also aware of the degree to which her mother had let herself go. However, pleasure won. Tori had to hide herself all day with her father with mere dribbles into concealed pads; now was time for a flood in her unprotected pants. Tori sat back in her chair and opened the gates for the warm gush to burst forth. Ecstasy swirled through her brain as the steaming liquid branched out and traced its way down her legs like warm fingers.

The enticing sensation took hold of Tori for the remainder of the week. Tori and Keri seemed to revert to the good old days of their first shared wettings. The entire apartment was fair game - both ladies would wet as they pleased no matter where they found themselves. However, even as Tori reclined on the couch watching a movie with her mother, she still asked,

“Is it okay if I just go here?”

Tori already knew the answer, but she liked hearing it. As soon as her mother would tell her some variation of

“Of course honey. Just let it go. It’ll be okay,”

Tori would immediately relax and let the waves wash over her. Her pants would not even fully dry before she would ask again. The couch cushions squelched when she shifted where she sat like the sound of squeezing a sponge. Instead of repulsing her, however, these audible cues comforted Tori, reminding her of her wetting freedom.

The week flew by in a blur of deliberate wettings from both mother and daughter. Sunday morning soon hit - the last day of fall break. As Tori carried her plate of breakfast to the living room to eat with her mother on the couch, she froze in her steps. She glanced down at her pajama shorts - a dark patch had begun forming on the fabric. However, she hadn’t played her game of asking her mother first, nor had she initiated the spurt. Tori looked up at her mother with worried eyes.

“Uh oh, sweetie, did you have a little accident? It’s okay, just relax and let it all out. You’ll feel better.”

“Are you sure?” Tori moaned, her voice squeaking.

“Yes honey. I promise it’s okay. Look, mommy’s having an accident too.” Sure enough, as Keri spoke, she spread out her legs and revealed the rapidly-expanding wet spot on her plaid pajama pants.

Tori let the words comfort her. She allowed the dribbling in her shorts to continue, and added a small push to make the stream go faster. Warm droplets tickled Tori’s thighs as they fell towards the floor.

“Good job, sweetie. See, I told you!” Keri added.

Tori grinned cheek-to-cheek. However, as the last bit of pee gushed out of her, a brief moment of clarity broke through her mental haze. The urinary paradise surrounding her flashed into its true form. She gazed at the room in horror. Several stains adorned the carpet, so much so that Tori couldn’t even make out its original coloration. The couch cushions sagged in deflated heaps. Clothes and towels scattered everywhere as if a tornado had touched down inside the living space. The stench of mold returned fullforce; the entire apartment reeked of the results of letting one’s desires fester out of control.

The revelation faded back into fantasy. Tori was again holding her plate of breakfast, standing in her puddle, just a helpless daughter who just had an accident, a comforting mother telling her it was okay.

Tori momentarily felt her fingers go weak. The plate slipped through her grip and shattered, eggs scrambling across the floor. Tori’s view of the room shifted back to reality again.

The loud shatter rang Keri’s eardrums. For a moment, the mother looked confused. Her eyes darted across the walls, as if taking in a new place for the first time. Her crinkled eyebrows and half-agape mouth devolved into an expression of pure fear before her eyes began to flood with tears. However, the expression instantly disappeared back into a calm, loving smile.

“Oh Tori! You dropped your plate. It’s ok, mommy will clean it!”

Tori looked down at the floor. Chunks of scrambled eggs sat in a fresh puddle of her pee, porcelain shards cutting into the sodden carpet. This time the scene did not shift back into its previous façade.

Tori became aware of everything again, including the desolate state of her mother’s living situation. She had to leave before the illusion returned.

She ran to her bedroom and packed up her belongings. She saw the state of the sheets for the first time

- browned from layer after layer of puddle. Her mother must have given up on bed protection long ago.

No time to register anything else - Tori rushed towards the front door.

“Tori! Where are you going?” Keri asked.

“Sorry mom. I forgot I have a test first thing tomorrow. I need to go home and study! Bye, I love you!”

Tori didn’t wait for a response. She hurried back to her own apartment.

A vortex of emotions encircled Tori on the drive home. She tried her best to fight it, but the storm proved too strong. Raindrops leaked through her eyelids. Once she pulled into her street parking spot of her apartment, she took a moment to compose herself. She carried her duffel bag inside, then went back to grab the box of old belongings her dad gave her. On her way back inside, her feet splashed in a puddle just in front of the door. One of her roommates peed and didn’t clean up again - perhaps Tori did need to confront them. Nevertheless, she ignored it for now. She brought the box to her room and shoved it in the closet. She peeled off her still-wet shorts and changed into dry leggings. She began to walk out, but then stopped. ‘No,’ she thought, ‘I’m not going to put this off.’ Turning around, Tori went back to her closet and pulled out the box. She tore open the tape and opened the top.

Its contents consisted mostly of old school papers and projects that her parents must have kept from her throughout the years. Her graduation cap and tassel and some old medals from grade school sports piled under a layer of old birthday cards. She also noticed some items that she did not recognize at first, one of them an old jewelry box. Her grandmother’s name was etched into the top - Tori then remembered how her mother told her that her grandmother had given Tori all her old jewelry. Tori took out the box and opened it up. Outdated bead necklaces and gaudy chains tangled around each other.

One piece gleamed in the light and caught Tori’s eyes, however. The gold glowed against the artificial bedroom lights as if freshly polished. She pulled it out to reveal a yellow medallion. Just holding the item felt ancient and oddly supernatural - like the imposing sensation of walking into an old cathedral. Her eyes suddenly widened once her brain’s gears clicked. She remembered her mother and her aunt’s story of when their mother, Tori’s grandmother, found the medallion after accidentally hooking it on a fishing trip - the same day that both sisters peed themselves on purpose for the first time, per their mother’s permission. Tori’s logical mind knew that correlation didn’t automatically mean causation, but after the unexplainable sensations she had just experienced, she had to know more. She rushed to her desk chair and fired up her preferred search engine. After digging through several web pages, Tori finally stumbled across a vaguely similar image. She clicked the link and read the passage.

Siren’s Amulets: “Ancient Amulets that legend says used to be worn by the Sirens of Greek mythology. It is said that whoever wears the amulet has the ability to cast spells on other adults through verbal commands or visual stimulation. Sometimes, the spell is said to be able to be casted strongly enough to become contagious - so the victims of the spell can also pass on its effects to others though verbal commands or visual stimulation. Legends in the area say that the spells work better on those of the same gender and those who are already susceptible to the command. Victims of the spell are said to remain unaware of their spell, denying any obvious oddities of whatever is cast upon them. The only way to undo the spell from all of its branches of victims is to break the amulet.

Life would go on for the victims as if the spell had never occurred, causing them to forget any memories associated with the spell. Only a handful of these amulets have been recovered. Researchers have not found any proof to the legends, but locals insist on their accuracy.”

Tori reread the paragraph multiple times. It seemed to perfectly describe everything that had gone on with her these past three years. She couldn’t believe it. Her fingers twitched before going numb on the keyboard. Her throat dried. She needed a drink. Tori got up and sluggishly walked to the kitchen, dazed.

She filled up a tall glass of ice water and returned to her room. 

Once her butt hit the chair, she felt a cold rush and heard a distinct splatter. She nearly cursed at the idea of another one of her roommates forgetting to clean their wetting until she realized this puddle was hers. It was her desk, she had literally just been here. To confirm this, Tori studied her leggings - the crotch was drenched, despite only her butt hitting the chair. A wave of horror washed over Tori as she finally added everything up. All the uncleaned puddles she had been finding around the apartment - they were hers. Her roommates hadn’t forgotten to clean, Tori had. She had wet without realizing. Tori thought back to the illusionary state of her mind at her mother’s apartment, then reread the web page. Was she doomed to let her desires swallow her like her mother? Were her roommates doomed to the same fate? Tori realized she was the one who sparked all of their interests in wetting one way or the other. She now felt responsible for whatever outcomes laid before them all.

Tori shook it off. She couldn’t just give in to these superstitions. Weeks passed as Tori and her roommates continued to indulge. Rogue puddles and wet patches continued to show up on the floor and furniture. Tori knew they weren’t just hers anymore - they had all temporarily tabled their clean-up rules due to a busy week of tests and projects; although no one suggested putting the rules back in place once the week passed. Now finals approached, and with everyone’s minds focused on studying, this only compounded the laxity of cleaning.

Tori tip-toed through the kitchen to the living room, zig-zagging through the plethora of puddles which pooled nearly every square-inch of floor space. She sat down on the couch, the already-drenched plastic cover crackling and squeaking. She unfolded her laptop and began studying - a change of environment from her room would surely help her focus. Two of her roommates, Nadia and Alicia, sat in her peripherals at the kitchen table. She heard dripping from their direction - surely some study-wetting. It served as white noise for Tori, like the calming sounds of a sprinkling drizzle at the start of a rainstorm.

After some time, she saw another one of her roommates, Madi, emerge from her room and approach the kitchen. Madi didn’t bother dodging the puddles - she simply splashed through them with every step, only adding to the relaxing sounds of rain that calmed Tori’s studying mind. Madi stopped in the kitchen before returning to her room, pausing to create another puddle on the floor. The loud pattering echoed through the room as she peed through her shorts onto the floor as if a heavy rain cloud had passed overhead.

She walked away without mopping it up. More minutes passed. Tori’s fourth roommate, Kirstin, walked through the front door, having returned from studying at the library. She exhaled a relaxing breath as soon as she walked in, letting a spray of urine expel from her pants as she leisurely strolled to her bedroom. The final wave of rain before the storm calmed. Tori completed the water cycle by wetting herself where she sat. It wasn’t deliberate at first - but Tori gave a little push to propel the warm liquid from her. It collected where she sat, a divot in the couch pooling all the liquid like a storm drain.

It was at this point that Tori began studying another practice problem. She froze when she read the words - it was the same problem as her midterm exam when she had her accident. Buried guilt and shame unearthed themselves, granting Tori another moment of clarity. The clouds in her mind cleared and she saw the calming rainstorm in front of her for what it was - the aftermath of a chaotic typhoon.

Every surface in the apartment contained at least one drop of the girl’s pee. Some stains had appeared on the molding lining the floor. The familiar odor of mildew wafted through the air. They were losing control.

Tori imagined herself back in her mother’s apartment, flashing between scenes of ignorant bliss and solemn awareness. Tori knew this was her last chance - a final olive branch extended by the remaining sliver of clarity in her mind. Tori shut her laptop and went to set it on the coffee table but stopped - off course someone had let loose atop its surface. 

Shrugging, she carried the computer to her room and set it on her safely dry desk. She then dug in her closet, hunting for the potential source of the storm. Her fingers grasped the cold, smooth metal chain of the yellow amulet. She yanked the medallion from its box and balled it in her fists. Tori then waded through the flooded living room and exited out the back door. The girls had a firepit in their backyard, already loaded with wood in preparation for post-finals bonfires. Tori squeezed a burst of lighter fluid onto the logs and tossed a lit match into the pit to ignite the flames. A dazzling lick of fire extended upwards like a glowing, orange hand climbing towards the sky. 

Tori knew what she had to do - she clasped the amulet, ready to give it to the fire’s hand. However, she took one last look through the door at her roommates. Madi and Kirstin had emerged from their room to make dinner in the kitchen. Alicia and Nadia still sat at the kitchen table, buried in their textbooks. All four of them still encapsulated in their bubble, a mirage of paradise. Tori remembered what she read - if everything went back to normal, back before the wetting spell, would she still know her friends? Or was wetting the only thing keeping them together? 

Lilly was still at the gym, absent for any final goodbye - would she still be as close to her best friend? Or would they have drifted apart without the link of their clandestine habit? Tori thought again to her mother, however. Her solitary confinement in a cell of mold, locked within the bars of her untamed desires. Perhaps her parents would still be together. Perhaps her aunt would have found someone. Perhaps her grandmother would still be around. Tori had to decide now - she couldn’t risk waiting, lest her and her friends succumb to the vicious cycle that led to her mother’s situation. Already, the temptations to retreat back into her comfort of deviance began to tug on Tori. Whatever the consequence against her and her relationships,

Tori knew she had to act now, at least for her mother’s sake. She had to make this sacrifice.

Tori turned her head and took one last look at her friends. Tears welled in her eyes. She dropped the amulet into the flames. She watched through blurry, watery vision as the heat slowly but surely melted the metallic medallion. She stood, stared, and sobbed until the flames rendered the amulet unrecognizable, just a mass of blackened, molten metal. Tori closed her eyes against the heat of the blaze, relaxing one last time as a voluntary spurt of pee soaked into her panties and shorts. A final touch of warmth.

== Epilogue ==

Tori opened her eyes. Her mind didn’t know where she was at first. She shook her head, waning off the sensations of derealization. For some reason, she looked down to check if her pants were wet. Why would they be wet? Suddenly, a harsh vibration rang through the two-bedroom apartment. She walked towards its source - her phone on the coffee table. A text from her mom read:

‘You forgot one of your notebooks here! Don’t worry, dad is mailing it to you, it should get to you before finals!’

Yes, she remembered. She had just visited her parents in their new house for fall break. Now she was back at her apartment at school with her roommate.

“Hey Tori,”

Lilly’s voice chimed as she shut the door. The blonde had just returned from the gym, a fresh layer of sweat still veiling her skin.

“Dinner with the guys after I shower?”

Tori smiled at her roommate.

“Yep I’m down. Not too late though, I have a final on Tuesday.”

Tori wouldn’t mind if dinner and drinks went late, however. She loved spending time with her new boyfriend, who just so happened to be best friends with Lilly’s boyfriend. Life was going good.

However, Tori couldn’t help but shake this odd feeling. It was as if she had just woken up from a dream.

She turned towards the sliding glass door, her half-reflection overlaying the greenery of the yard. She stared outside at nothing in particular. Her brain seemed on the edge of something, as if trying to recollect some distant memory. A light twinge beckoned below; she had to pee. It wasn’t the first time the twinge emerged today. Tori had ignored it earlier for reasons she did not know. She just didn’t feel like using the bathroom. However, as she continued staring outside, her entire body numb, she could feel the liquid sitting just on the edge, as if ready to dive at the first hints of command. She heard the faint voice of her mother echoing through her head, muffled as if far off some unknown distance away.

“Just let it go.” Tori suddenly became aware of a blossoming warmth in her crotch. She made no effort to stop it. In fact, she took a deep breath and relaxed, allowing the stream to flow unimpeded, trickling down the legs of her jeans. A new, yet familiar, warmth delightfully massaged her thighs and crept over her knees. Her eyes remained fixed forward. Endorphins sparked and crackled in her mind like a relit flame.

Suddenly, the front door slammed shut.

“Hey Tori! I’m here! Ready to go? The guys are waiting for us,” Lilly’s voice chimed.

Her footsteps approached the kitchen.

“Tori? Oh, there you are. Hey, are you—.” Lilly paused. “Um, Tori, what are you doing?”

Tori, still staring ahead, answered her friend. “I’m peeing.”

Lilly just stood in shock, barely able to grasp the scene of her 21-year-old best friend casually wetting herself for no apparent reason.

“Um… why?” she asked.

Tori did not turn around. Her mother’s voice echoed one last time. A final spurt of urine drizzled down her calves. In a soft voice, she answered her friend.

“I was Told To.”

The End

