Desperation Dungeon - A Multi-Part Story of Extreme Desperation - Page 6

Author: Bulge_Lover

*125*2017-04-24 18:47

{{21 hours ago, LunasAuditor said:

Newcomer to this thread and LOVING IT!! You have a rather unique and wonderfully perverted mind good sir, and a very captivating literary style (though I think a fair portion of that can be attributed to the intensity of the subject matter!). I look forward to your return to Kay manor, and shall have to go searching for your other works around the site once I've recovered from reading through season 1!

}}

Thanks so much for your support, and I'm super happy you're enjoying it. I've worked very hard on this, and I should be getting back to it soon. However right now, for you and anyone else who may be interested, I'll go ahead and link to everything else I've posted on this site. If anyone here hasn't read them, it'll be a good way to keep 'busy' until I update Desperation Dungeon. This will also make it easy to link elsewhere if I need to in the future.

***

SERIES:

The Lunambra Anthology: A Medieval Watersports Tale - My best work, my flagship, my magnum opus. An extremely long and involved story set in a low-fantasy world. No magic or creatures, but cities and places are fictional. Obviously start from Part One at the bottom of the page- https://omorashi.org/blogs/blog/519-the-lunambra-anthology/

Full on the Firefly - A series of fanfiction about the show Firefly. Each is its own contained story so it's not like there isn't an ending, but I do plan on making two more eventually - One for River and one for Inara.

KAYLEE: https://omorashi.org/topic/26533-full-on-the-firefly-kaylee/

ZOE: https://omorashi.org/topic/26596-full-on-the-firefly-2-zoe/

Shameful Lies on the Wetting Experiences Forum - I'm not proud about this, but when I was very new to this website, I wrote a couple of stories on the Wetting Experiences page that were 100% fictional. I know most stories there are complete nonsense, but still. Either way, they're a couple of excellent short stories, so I'll go ahead and include them here.

"I was told not to pee in a toilet for 24 hours." - https://omorashi.org/topic/26017-i-was-told-not-to-pee-in-a-toilet-for-24-hours/

"I was brought to my absolute limit last night." https://omorashi.org/topic/26998-i-was-brought-to-my-absolute-limit-last-night/

For the people who were really into those stories, I'm sorry Q_Q I'll never do it again. I'm a frequent poster on /r/nosleep so continuous pretending came kind of naturally to me, but eventually I realized it wasn't right and moved over to the fiction section where I belong.

INDIVIDUAL STORIES:

Bones: The Lost Episode - A fanfiction of the recently-ended forensic dramady "Bones." While rather generic in all other regards, one thing Bones always had going for it were the characters. Every one of them is lovable and unique, and that's what kept people watching for twelve years. It's one of my favorite series and the female protagonist is one of the most beautiful women around, so it was only natural for me to write about it. Here's the link - https://omorashi.org/topic/27706-bones-the-lost-episode/

The Four Kunoichi - This story was a rather unique situation. Originally started by user 'Pain,' he decided to stop working on it and passed off the rights to me. With some filling out at the end, it turned out rather excellent even though I'm not much of a Naruto fan - https://omorashi.org/topic/29458-the-four-kunoichi-final-edition/

Jessica's Worst Haul - Got drunk as fuck one night, played too much Truck Simulator, and decided to write this. It turned out way better than I thought it would in the end, but it's still rather short and simple - https://omorashi.org/topic/29755-jessicas-worst-haul-truck-simulator-fanfiction/

Juvia's First Pee - A fanfiction of the anime Fairy Tail. I was really into it at one point, and a specific character had a lot of potential for a very unique omo-related situation, but obviously the show never touched on it. SO I DID! - https://omorashi.org/topic/29610-fairy-tail-juvias-first-pee/

***

Alright, that's all I've got right now. Entertain yourselves with those, and a new part of Desperation Dungeon should be up soon enough. Thanks again, and happy reading!

*130*2017-05-07 10:15

Here we go, everyone. This is a very, very long one. When I finished writing it, I tried to see if there was a way to split it into two parts, but there really isn't. I'll try to keep future parts more in line with the rest of the story. Anyway, please enjoy.

*****

Part Eight-

Emma exhaled slowly as Dee unlocked her belt and slid the wet shorts down her legs. The two of them were back in Emma's bedroom, having returned through a hidden passage to the game room, an elevator platform lifting them up where the pool table had been the previous day.

“I'm sorry,” Dee said softly. “I tried telling her that you weren't ready, I really did, but she wouldn't listen...”

“I listened just fine,” Kay's voice came in over the speakers. “However, I had the utmost faith in Emma's abilities. Neither one of the contestants were supposed to wet themselves during the competition, but after that nonsense with Jae caused a delay, and after seeing her pee...Emma, you just couldn't wait another second, could you?”

Emma slowly shook her head. “I really couldn't...I was already starting to leak while we were still answering questions. I just burst, there was nothing I could have done...”

“The quantity you released is evidence of that alone,” Kay said. “You greatly surpassed your previous mark. If the game had continued, you would have been allowed to pee some more, you wouldn't have watched fake-Jae wet herself, you might have made it back to the toilet. We'll never really know.”

“I've been wondering,” Emma said suddenly. “When Jae peed, the loudspeaker never gave a quantity. Why is that?”

“Oh, I keep a remote on me that lets me turn the audio on and off as I please. I didn't want it to interrupt my ranting so I shut it off,” Kay answered. “All results are still recorded and everything else operates as normal.”

“Ah, alright. I'm curious then, how much did she wee?”

“Only five hundred and seven milliliters,” Kay mumbled. “So disappointing...”

“Isn't that about average though?” Emma asked.

“Well, technically,” Kay droned. “Still though, if you're trying so hard to hold it, the bladder should expand beyond that. She must have never been truly desperate in her life before today. No experience.”

“That would make sense. I do feel sort of bad for her though, was it really-”

Emma yelped as she felt Dee suddenly poke her hard in her left breast.

“Don't try to argue with Kay's punishments,” Dee muttered. “She doesn't stand for anyone lying to her, even about minor issues. This kind of fuckery is unheard of here, an outsider coming into the complex under false pretenses? If we weren't so well-hidden, it could be a massive security risk.”

Emma frowned and nodded. “I understand. It really is too bad though. I would have liked to meet the real Jae.”

“She is wonderful,” Kay moaned, almost longingly. “I truly hope she returns one day. Anyway, I have some damage control to do after this incident, the clients are NOT happy. I'll be off comms for a time. Also, to make up for this nonsense, there's also a nice surprise for you in the kitchen, so get there when you have a chance. Oh, Dee, you're not showing any signs, but you're pretty desperate right?”

Dee giggled and nodded. “Yeah, I'm bursting.” She reached down and pulled up her shirt, exposing her distended bladder.

“Good. You're free to do what you like, as long as you follow the basic rules of course. Stay with Emma or go back to your part of the complex, your choice.”

“I'll stay,” Dee said with a grin.

“I thought as much, and there's already a new set of clothes for you along with Emma's in the drawer.”

“Thank you, Professor. This getup is squishing my bladder,” Dee mumbled, patting down the comically generic butler uniform. “Oh and...Me and Emma...we're free to do what we like in the shower, right?”

“Indeed, all bets are off in there. Remember though, cameras are running, so don't say anything personal.”

“Of course,” Dee nodded. “Good luck sorting everything out, Professor. I'll do my best to hold it in until you get back to watch.”

“Good girl,” Kay purred. “See you later, Subjects.”

At that, Kay went silent.

Dee turned and looked at Emma, standing there naked from the waist down, her legs still glistening with pee. “What do you think she's got for us in the kitchen?”

Emma shrugged. “No clue. We'll go right after we shower.”

“Absolutely,” Dee agreed. She turned away and walked into the bathroom, reaching into the shower to activate the electronic panel. Water rained down from all directions, the sound causing Dee to moan and squirm. Emma walked in behind her, pulling off her shirt and bra in one quick motion and tossing them out the door behind her.

Dee was still fully dressed, but she seemed far more concerned with squirming and bouncing than with undressing. Emma walked up to her, reached out for Dee's jacket, and began undoing the buttons. Dee tried to stand still as Emma worked on her, letting her slide the jacket off of her. Next she undid Dee's white shirt and removed that as well, exposing a beautiful green lace bra. Reaching around to unhook the bra, Emma couldn't help but give Dee a soft kiss on the neck. The desperate girl shivered and moaned as her breasts fell free, and then Emma was removing Dee's belt and unbuttoning her slacks. The pants fell down her legs to reveal gorgeous panties that perfectly matched Dee's bra. “I've noticed you're wearing green a lot,” Emma whispered. “Did you ask Kay for it or is it just a coincidence?”

“It's Kay's choice, actually,” Dee breathed. “She put me in this incredible emerald-studded green dress one time, it must have cost thousands, and she said I looked so amazing in the color. She gives me green stuff all the time now, unless a client specifically requests something else. Even then, I usually get green underwear. Fake-Jae was wearing green too...I think Kay just really loves the color.”

“Good a reason as any,” Emma stated. “Get those off.” She pointed down to Dee's shoes, and the woman kicked them away and slid her socks off with her toes. The only thing left was for Emma to kneel down, grip Dee's panties, and slide them down her legs. And she did so at an unnecessarily slow rate, letting the lace gently brush Dee's legs on the way down, revealing a perfect black triangle of hair that pointed right to Dee's clit.

Emma was eye-level with Dee's bulging bladder, her skin tight and smooth. Dee stepped out of the panties and Emma threw them out of the bathroom. Now they were both completely naked aside from their masks, which they removed together, setting them on the sink.

Looking up at her, Emma noticed for the first time just how beautiful Dee's face was. Absolutely flawless, her features were perfectly symmetrical, her green eyes bright and lustful, her red lips held slightly apart in a slow exhale.

Taken over by Dee's beauty, Emma did something she never would have thought herself capable of. She wasn't able to wait until they were even in the shower. With Dee leaning back on the wall next to the bath tub, sweat forming on her skin due to her desperation and arousal, Emma leaned in and shoved her face right between Dee's legs.

Dee gasped and shouted for a moment, but she fell silent as soon as Emma's tongue found her clit. Emma had never done anything like this. Before meeting Kay, she had never considered being with a woman. Now, Emma let her tongue slide up and down Dee's vulva, kissing and sucking on her clit. The skin was so incredibly soft and warm, growing wetter by the second as Dee grew more and more aroused. Emma wrapped an arm around each of Dee's legs as they went weak, and the sounds of Dee's unabashed moans filled her ears.

“Emma,” Dee gasped, reaching down to grab her bright red hair. “I...I'm so desperate...”

“Hold it,” Emma ordered through her teeth as she pinched Dee's clit between her slick lips. “You said it yourself, you have to hold it in until Kay gets back to watch.”

“With you...down there...it's so intense...”

“I don't bloody care. You're going to hold it all in, no matter what I do to you.” Emma asserted her command by leaning up a bit and pushing her forehead into Dee's bladder as she continued to lick at Dee's clit. The blonde woman screamed out loud and threw her arms out to support herself against the wall, her hips shaking violently with the effort of containing her compressed bladder.

Suddenly, Emma got to her feet and wrapped both arms around Dee, nearly dragging her into the shower. They were both soaked instantly from the multi-directional streams, and Emma slowly lowered Dee onto the large shower floor before she laid down on her front and returned to her place between Dee's legs. Dee was absolutely vibrating now, her womanhood burning hot and her hips thrusting non-stop. Now that she didn't have to hold Dee against the wall, Emma slid her right middle finger inside Dee and began vigorously rubbing her G-spot, causing the already-frantic woman to thrash and scream even louder. Despite Dee's immense effort, Emma felt a tiny spurt of pee spray onto her tongue. It was the first time she had ever tasted pee. Due to the fact that all Dee drank was water, it wasn't too bad.

“You had better stop leaking,” Emma warned. Dee just moaned in confirmation as Emma kept pounding away at her G-spot. This went on for only two more minutes before Dee reached orgasm, spraying Emma's chin with her sex. Seconds later, Emma saw a tiny stream of pee begin leaking out of Dee. She retracted her finger and pushed her thumb hard against Dee's pee hole. “DO NOT WEE!” Emma commanded. “You're not allowed to pee yet. I won't let you.”

Dee whined and moaned, double-crossing her legs around Emma's hand as she lay on the shower floor. “It's...coming...out...” she hissed.

“It's my turn,” Emma ordered. “We're not leaving the shower until I cum, and if you pee in here, you won't get measured and you won't get any reward. I'm letting go of you now, and you had better hold it in.”

Emma retracted her hand and leaned back against the shower wall, spreading her own legs wide for Dee. The other woman was completely knotted up, both hands clamped forcefully between her legs, her hips rocking and her mouth held open in a continuous moan.

“Come here, Dee,” Emma nearly begged, stroking her own clit with her thumb. “I know you're strong enough to hold it. The sooner you get me off, the sooner you get out of the shower.”

Dee moaned even louder, but a second later she released her iron grip on her throbbing wee and began crawling towards Emma. The red-haired girl closed her eyes in anticipation, her womanhood swollen, reddened, and slick. Since she was a young teenager, she had fantasied about what it would feel like, to have someone lick her down there, but she had been unlucky; all four of her past sexual partners hadn't been into it. Now she waited with her breath welling up in her chest...and then she felt it, the warm, soft, and wet sensation of Dee's lips brushing her labia before she felt her tongue flick over her clit.

It took less than a second to send Emma over the edge. She was so earth-shatteringly horny that she exploded into a mindbending orgasm at Dee's slightest touch. She bit down hard on her lip to stop herself from screaming, a reflex gained from constantly masturbating in a thin-walled dorm. Dee wasn't done yet though. Emma slid down onto the floor as she felt Dee's finger slide into her. This, in combination with Dee's tongue still expertly working her clit, forced another orgasm out of her almost instantly, and another less than ten seconds later. She had always heard of it, but she had never experienced multiple orgasms before – At least not at this incredible rate.

Upon noticing that Emma was rendered completely limp and motionless, Dee retracted her finger and pulled herself next to Emma, wrapping her arms around the drained woman.

“Please...” Dee whispered desperately into Emma's ear. “Let me turn the water off...I'm going to explode otherwise...”

A shaky nod was all that Emma could manage. Not needing to be told twice, Dee reached up and slapped the electronic panel, and the shower fell silent.

The two women just laid there, perfectly still, for a number of minutes. Now that the water had been turned off, Dee wasn't even squirming anymore. Emma had been watching like a hawk; she had not released any more pee yet.

“You're bloody hopeless when the water's on, aren't you?” Emma asked with a chuckle.

Dee sighed and nodded. “Yep. Always been this way. When I was a kid, I would nearly pee myself whenever it was raining. I had more than a few accidents. I had to fight so hard to hold it in whenever I was in public. When I was fifteen, I was on a date with my boyfriend. We were walking in a park, just before sunset, and it started raining. I was already pretty desperate at the time, it was after dinner and a movie...when the rain began I couldn't help but hold myself. My boyfriend noticed, obviously. Figured he'd laugh at me and tease me, but instead he went stiff and started stammering like an idiot. He tried helping me to the bathroom across the park, but I clearly wasn't going to make it. I told him I'd squat behind a tree, as the park was abandoned aside from us.”

Dee inhaled deeply and let it out slowly, a fond smile growing across her wet face. “I should mention that we'd already had sex a few times at this point and we weren't weird about it, so this next part isn't supposed to be rapey or anything. Anyway, he helped me behind a tree and I got my pants down. He was staring, and even though we'd had sex as I just said, I figured he wouldn't want to see me pee. I told him not to look. I was seriously about to start leaking in my panties, hadn't pulled them down yet, but he just kept staring. And then he...took it out.”

Emma blinked. “He...took it out?”

“Yes.”

“Are you trying to reference Seinfeld right now?” Emma laughed.

“Well...the way I'm phrasing it, sort of. But I'm also being serious. He just unzipped right there. He was harder than I'd ever seen him before. His face was red and his breathing shallow. He was clearly hornier than he'd ever been in his life. My bladder was bursting, I was so obviously desperate, but he just pushed me down into the grass, tore my panties off, and attacked me right there in the middle of the park. Despite the pressure and shame I felt, I could just sense the passion coming off of him, and it was hotter than anything I'd ever done before. I was trying so fucking hard to hold it in...but I lost control half way through. 

I started peeing all over his thing and his legs, but the more I wet myself the harder he fucked me. To this day, I've never seen anything like it. I remember at one point he pulled out, put both hands on my bladder, and kept pushing on it like he was trying to give it C.P.R.” Dee burst out laughing there, but stopped as she gasped and folded her legs back up. “My pee flew like ten feet through the air, it was amazing and hilarious. When we were both finished, we stayed there together for a long time, much like the two of us are now, and we just talked.”

Dee reached out and began circling Emma's right nipple with her index finger, causing the redhead to shiver and moan softly. “He told me that, to him, nothing in the world was hotter than a beautiful girl who was absolutely desperate to pee. He opened up to me completely, spilling his guts about all his fantasies and kinks. I obliged every one of them over the next few years. He turned me into an extremely sexual person. It was his idea that I start camming to make money after my parents booted me.”

“Why did you two break up?” Emma asked softly.

Dee turned her head to look into Emma's eyes, her smile widening even further. “We didn't. He's watching us right now, I'm sure,” Dee said happily.

Emma's mouth fell open. “What? Are you serious, he's a client?”

“Not to begin with,” Dee explained. “When I first got the invitation from Kay, I gave the condition that he be given free access to the stream. She obliged without a problem. After it was over, Kay asked me if I would like to stay. I loved it so much, and he loved watching me so much, that we agreed I should stay here for a while. Men aren't welcome in the complex, but he lives in a large home less than twenty miles from here that I had built with my original earnings. Every night I'm not working here, I'm with him. It's still not very often, though.”

Emma stared at the ceiling of the shower, her mind racing. “Why didn't you tell me this before? I thought you were sort of on your own.”

“I always greatly simplify my situation when I'm talking to a new girl,” Dee said. “Not all of them last and not all of them are compatible with Kay. I don't like getting close to people I'll never see again. I have a feeling that you and I are going to have a wonderful future, however.”

Emma smiled wide at this, reaching up to grasp Dee's hand that was still teasing her breast. “And this guy's really okay with you sleeping with other people?”

Dee laughed hard again. This time it caused her to moan loudly and shove her free hand between her legs. “You kidding me? He absolutely adores watching me with other women. He texted me early this morning saying that watching me and you struggling to hold it together last night was the single greatest thing he'd ever seen. He's a very sexually accepting person. Pretty much, as long as I'm not having unprotected sex with another man, he's completely fine with anything I do. We truly love each other, what we do with our bodies is secondary to that."

“It sounds like a really fun relationship,” Emma said softly.

“It is,” Dee purred. “What about you? What was your first sexual pee-related experience?”

Emma pursed her lips. “Honestly, it was never really sexual for me until I met Kay. I've had a lot of people who've wanted to watch me wee on my cam, and I never had a problem with it, but it was really just for the money. Sometimes people would get all mean and threaten to quit paying if I left to go to the loo, but when that happened I would just turn down my mic output and pee in a cup or on the floor if nothing was available. Nobody ever specifically asked me to hold it in before Kay.”

“Wow, and you already have such a large capacity?” Dee asked, stunned.

“I guess I'm a natural,” Emma shrugged. “I mean, I've been desperate before, but I've never-”

“What the hell are you girls still doing in there?” Kay's voice suddenly shot out of a nearby speaker, severely startling both Emma and Dee. “I've been gone for almost an hour!”

Dee blinked and looked up towards the nearest camera. “Wait, really? I guess we've been having too much fun...”

“You didn't pee, did you?” Kay asked seriously.

Dee sighed and shook her head, patting her greatly distended bladder. “Nope, it's still all in here.”

“Good,” Kay mumbled. “Listen though, you two need to get to the kitchen like, right now. The surprise I mentioned is sort of time-sensitive and I really don't think there's much time left.”

“Oh damn,” Emma stammered. “I completely forgot about that. Sorry, Professor, we'll get on with it right now.” Emma scrambled to her feet and helped the desperate Dee stand as well, and the two of them quickly patted themselves down with towels and pulled their masks back on. Seconds later, they both left the bathroom and walked to the dresser. Emma pulled open the drawer and her eyes went wide in delight at the sight of an incredibly ornate blue and white Kimono. “HOLY BLOODY FUCKING SHIT!” Emma wailed.

“Jeeze Emma, language,” Dee giggled.

“Fuck, I'm sorry, but I- I've wanted one of these since...well, since forever. I never even dreamed that I would- Oh, God it's so beautiful.”

“NERD ALERT!” Dee shouted, looking into one of the cameras and pointing at Emma's back.

“Shut it or I'll squeeze your bladder till you pop,” Emma threatened. “Guess what, you get to wear one too.” Emma picked up her kimono, revealing a green and white one that was hidden underneath.

Dee sighed. “Yeah, I figured when I saw yours. I also have a feeling I know what this 'surprise' is, and Kay's right – We probably need to get down there fast...”

“There's a problem though,” Emma mumbled.

“What is it?”

“I've got no bloody clue how to put this on.”

Dee laughed softly and reached out to take the bundle from her. “Just stand still and spread your arms, I'll help you out.”

Emma did as instructed as Dee spread the kimono out on her bed. Inside the bundle was a pair of wooden sandals and a pair of white and pink striped cotton panties, as well as a long and wide belt. Dee let Emma step into the panties and pulled them into place, then she draped the beautiful kimono over Emma's shoulders. Emma slid her arms through the massive sleeves and stood still as Dee folded it properly and tied the belt around her middle. It was a very involved process and it took the better part of ten minutes before it was on properly.

“You look amazing,” Dee whispered.

“So do you,” Emma responded.

“I'm not even wearing mine yet,” Dee giggled. She was still completely naked, straight out of the shower.

“I know,” Emma asserted with a naughty grin. Her face fell seconds later though as a new thought floated into her head. “I just realized...we're probably gonna be forced to wet ourselves in these. I don't wanna, they're so beautiful...”

“There's no need to worry, subject,” Kay said suddenly. “They'll be cleaned properly and they'll always be good as new. And I'll tell you what – You help Dee break two liters tonight, and I'll let you keep it. And by 'help,' I mean 'force her to reach two liters using any means necessary,' you understand me? Since I started running this thing, only two women have ever surpassed two liters. I know she's capable of it. It's time for there to be a third.”

Dee turned to Emma and grimaced when she saw the fires of wicked determination glowing in Emma's eyes. “I...I guess I'd better get my kimono on,” Dee mumbled, turning away from Emma with her face growing slightly panicked.

“Please hurry,” Kay said softly. “The surprise legitimately doesn't have much time left. Oh, and Dee... It's far past your assigned time to drink. I think you should probably have two bottles to make up for it when you get to the kitchen.”

Dee frowned and placed her right hand over her round, solid belly. “Yes, Professor.”

Kay and Emma remained silent as Dee put on her own kimono. She was far faster on her own than she was putting it on Emma, and five minutes later the two women were heading down the stairs towards the kitchen. Dee paused every couple of steps to squirm for a moment, but she made it down without issue. They circled around the bottom of the staircase and into the hall to the kitchen, and soon enough Emma pushed open the door and stepped into what could have been an actual home in Feudal Japan. Her eyes widened in absolute disbelief – Not at what she was specifically seeing, but rather that the kitchen had been entirely normal less than three hours ago.

“How did this happen?” Emma hissed. “It's...it's impossible, nobody could have redecorated it so fast, even the basic layout of the counters is completely different...it's just-”

“It's best not to question it,” Dee mumbled. “I have no evidence for this, but I think Kay must have a team of workers who run around here in secret, changing things to her liking. None of the girls I know would be capable of something like this. Not this fast, anyway.”

“This place gets more and more incredible every minute I'm here,” Emma whispered. “It's like Hogwarts or some sh-”

“You're finally here,” mumbled an extremely soft female voice, directly to Emma's left. The redhead shrieked in surprise and stumbled sideways, nearly knocking over Dee. “What- Who-” Emma regained her balance and looked towards the source of the voice. There stood a woman who Emma had never seen before. Even under her jet-black masquerade mask that perfectly matched the color of her long, straight hair, she was clearly Asian, most likely Japanese. She was wearing a traditional Itamae uniform, and she was holding a tray completely covered in various sushi rolls and sashimi. “I am called Tsu. It is my pleasure to meet you, Emma. I am Kay's personal Itamae – Her sushi chef. She has instructed me to prepare any dish you may desire.” Tsu spoke with a moderate Japanese accent; perfectly understandable but definitely not fluent in English. She stepped forwards and placed the tray on the short table that spanned the center of the room, then turned back towards Emma with a short bow.

Emma smiled widely and approached Tsu, bowing in return. As she got closer to the Japanese woman, she began to notice what Kay had been rushing them about. Tsu's face was coated in sweat, and her legs were pressing together with great force. A small wet patch could be seen staining the crotch of her white pants. She was obviously trying incredibly hard to hide it, but she was truly desperate.

Emma's mind filled with thoughts of this woman waiting here for over an hour, struggling desperately to hold it in, expecting her to show up any second. Her face grew apologetic. “I'm really sorry that we took so long. We honestly had no idea that there was someone else down here. I figured there was a meal for us that was getting cold or something...”

“There is no need to apologize,” Tsu said with a smile. “Please take a place at the table and let me know what you would like.”

“I couldn't ask you to cook when you're so desperate,” Emma offered. “Just sit with us and focus on holding it.”

Tsu slowly shook her head. “The Professor told me that you haven't had a decent meal since you arrived here, that you have just been eating random snacks between holds. This will not do, you need proper nutrition to keep your strength up. I am to prepare any sushi you would like, regardless of my desperation.” Tsu strode out of sight, around a corner to the left side of the room. She returned seconds later, hauling a large cart that housed rows of fish and all her other supplies. She paused every now and then, bending her knees slightly and letting out a soft whine. Emma and Dee stepped up to the table and looked at their 'seats,' two large black cushions that were neatly folded on the floor.

“Wow, really going all-out with the Japanese thing, aren't they?” Emma whispered.

“Yeah, some of the clients are really into it. Like, really, really, waaayyy too into it. But still, they pay, so Kay puts out. Suits me fine, I fucking love sushi...”

“So do I,” Emma said with a grin. The two of them knelt down on the cushions, settling in front of the table. “Careful though, if you leak while you're on the cushion, it won't register,” Emma warned.

“Of course, I know the game,” Dee sighed. “Now that I'm out of the shower, I feel a lot better though. I should be good for a while.”

“Oh?” Emma chirped, a wicked smile growing on her face again. “Hey Tsu, the Professor said that Dee has to drink two water bottles to make up for ones she missed while we were fooling around in the shower. You got any here?”

Tsu nodded quickly and reached under her cart, opening what seemed to be a mini-fridge. She pulled out two water bottles and placed them in front of Dee.

Emma smiled sweetly as Dee turned her head slowly and mouthed “you're evil” at her.

Emma's gloating was interrupted by a chime. “Now that I think about it,” Kay's voice said softly, “Your time to drink is nearly here, Emma. Why don't you have a bottle too. Soy sauce is salty, you might need it.”

Emma sighed as she heard Kay's mic switch off. “I probably deserved that,” Emma mumbled as Tsu placed a bottle in front of her. Both Dee and Tsu nodded at her, their lips pursed in a suppressed smirk. “Oh, now I'm getting ganged up on?” Emma complained as she opened her bottle.

She took a long sip as Dee and Tsu laughed for a moment, before the two desperate girls were forced to stop and squirm. “Ooohh,” Tsu moaned. “I can't even hold myself, it's not sanitary...”

Dee scoffed. “Emma was just eating my pussy like twenty minutes ago while I leaked into her mouth. I don't think some pee sushi will disturb her all that much.”

Tsu gasped loudly and covered her face with her hands. “Please, do not say such things!” she complained.

Dee's mouth fell open into a disbelieving groan. “Tsu, that innocent Japanese schoolgirl act might please some of the clients, but if you think for one second that I've forgotten the sight of Vee pissing all over your tits while you were balls-deep in her with that strap-on I'll-”

“Fuck's sake,” Tsu interrupted, crossing her arms. “I'm trying to put on a show for the newbie, why not let her enjoy it?”

Emma blinked and stared at Tsu, stunned. Not at her sudden change of demeanor, but rather at the fact that her soft and sweet Japanese accent had instantly been replaced with a New York accent so comically loud and thick that she could have come straight from an episode of Cheers.

“Stop trying to be cute,” Dee bitched. “Emma's one of us now, she wants to know the real you, not that creepy-ass waifu nonsense you-”

Emma shook herself out of it as the two of them continued to argue. “Er- Yeah,” she spoke up loudly, causing Dee and Tsu to fall silent and look to her. “Dee's right. I don't need any special treatment. I'd like to become real friends with everybody here. Please, let's enjoy the sushi.”

Dee nodded and eyed the row of fish, and Tsu sighed and took her place behind the cart. “You are right,” Tsu said. “I'm just so used to playing a part here. It's not often that I'm involved in a scene where I'm better off being myself.”

Dee opened her first bottle of water and took a long sip. “I can imagine. One time I had to spend a whole week pretending to be a nun. I don't think you were here for that, though. As an atheist, it was a weird one...those robes are super fun to pee in though, I have to say. They get really heavy and clingy.”

“One time she made me pee myself while I was wearing a full suit of actual Samurai armor,” Tsu laughed. “The idea was to take it all off before I lost control, but I tripped and just burst. That shit's designed for strong men, way too heavy for me.”

“Alright, well now I'm jealous,” Emma butted in. “I've been told to just be myself in here this whole time. Where's my role?”

“It's always simple for the new girls at first,” Dee explained. “Once you settle in here a bit more, the Professor will definitely give you some part to play for a day or so. Since you're English, with the red hair and everything, I wouldn't be surprised if it was some medieval situat-”

“Are either of you going to order any food?” Tsu interrupted, her face impatient and her legs crossed tightly.

“Shit, sorry,” Emma muttered. “I'd love an Alaska roll, and if you could please put some masago and sesame seeds on it, that would be wonderful. Oh, and eel sauce on the side please.”

Tsu nodded with a smile and turned to Dee. The blonde woman pursed her lips and looked up in thought for a moment. “I'll take a...Yeah, please give me one spider roll, a Philadelphia roll but with raw salmon instead of smoked please, a salmon skin hand roll with a metric shit ton of bonito in it, two pieces of Ikura, and two pieces of Uni. Oh, and a lump of salmon sashimi would be excellent, thank you.”

Tsu seemed unfazed as she began to work, but Emma slowly turned towards Dee, her mouth held open in disbelief. “You think that's enough bloody sushi right there?” Emma stammered.

Dee shrugged. “I said I really love sushi, and maybe the rice will help dry up some of the pee in me.”

Emma burst out laughing at this, leaning in on the table. “Holy shit, that's not how bladders work. That's not how any of this works.”

Tsu started laughing as well, shoving a hand between her legs despite herself. Dee couldn't help it – She laughed with them, and she couldn't properly suppress it. Suddenly she yelped out loud and rolled sideways off of the cushion she was kneeling on. She pulled her kimono up, revealing the green and white striped panties she wore. There was an obvious wet patch right on her crotch, and even as Emma watched, another tiny pulse of pee soaked into them.

“NO!” Emma shouted, scrambling into a crawl and pressing her hand hard against Dee's panties. “I swear to God, Dee, if you wet yourself now I will punish you myself.”

“I'm sorry,” Dee whined. “I'm so full though, even if I don't laugh, I have no idea how long I can hold on...I'm really, seriously desperate...”

“Listen to me,” Emma whispered. “You know you can do this. You came so insanely close last time. If you break two liters, you'll be a LEGEND here. Remember what Kay said? Only two people here have ever gone past two liters. You can do it. Focus your mind, block out the pressure, and do not let yourself leak again. Every little drop is wasted potential.”

Dee grimaced and nodded, letting her curled-up legs fall to the floor. “You're right...I have to hold on, no matter what.”

Emma leaned in and kissed Dee on the lips. “Do it for yourself, and do it for me. I really believe in you.”

Dee smiled and actually blushed for the first time that Emma had ever seen. Emma helped Dee back into a kneel on the cushion, then handed her the remainder of her water. Dee frowned but drank without argument, pounding the rest of the first bottle and tearing open the second. Emma looked the blonde woman up and down. Her pure experience with holding allowed her to hide it well, but Emma's eyes were already trained. Much like Tsu, Dee was coated in sweat and her strained muscles twitched and shivered often. Beyond this, the great bulge of her incredible bladder was visible even under the loose-fitting kimono. Any other person would have thought her six months pregnant.

Emma's examination of Dee was interrupted when Tsu reached down and set her completed sushi dish in front of her. It looked absolutely wonderful, masterfully prepared despite Tsu's own desperation. Dee's huge spread of food came out next, taking up half the table in front of her. Tsu then sliced a number of different fish as sashimi, placed them simply on a plate, and knelt down across from them.

“I decided to eat with you,” Tsu said. “I am hungry, and I'm also very interested in Dee's situation right now. Didn't mean to eavesdrop, but did I hear right? You're trying to break two liters?”

Dee nodded quietly as she placed a piece of her Philadelphia roll in her mouth. Emma spoke for her. “Kay's instructed me to force her to hold it in. She knows that Dee can hold more and wants her to take it really far. If I help her surpass two liters, Kay will let me keep the kimono.”

Tsu flexed her lips. “You realize that you're earning millions of dollars here, right? Why not just buy your own kimono?”

Emma blinked. “I...actually didn't even consider that. The idea of so much money is still completely surreal to me. Still, though...I want Dee to do it too. Last night, she came SO CLOSE to two liters. If we can help her hold it for just a little while longer, I'm sure she'll make it.”

Dee swallowed with a dramatic gulp. “I want to do it too. I know I can, but the pressure is just so intense right now. It comes in waves. Sometimes I'm alright, and sometimes it takes all I have in me not to explode right here.”

“I'm...rather close to my limit as well,” Tsu admitted. “I have been holding on for a really long time before you two got here. I must have drank at least four liters already today, and as you can see, I started leaking earlier but I managed to regain control.” She reached down and lifted the front of her loose shirt, revealing her bulge that protruded at least six inches. It was so tight and round, the shape of her bladder perfectly visible.

Emma couldn't help but stare; it was truly turning her on. “This is gonna sound weird, but you have a really cute bladder,” she said softly.

Tsu scoffed. “Cute? That's a new one.”

Emma laughed and shook her head. “I told you it would sound weird. Well, I mean, mine's sort of taller and Dee just looks pregnant, but yours is so perfectly round. It's really bloody hot.”

Tsu smiled and took a bite of her sashimi. Emma looked down at her plate and ate a piece as well. The three of them ate silently for a while. Emma finished her plate quickly, and was about to ask for a spicy yellowtail roll before Tsu looked up at her.

“You wanna touch it?” Tsu offered.

Emma furrowed her brow. “Your bladder?”

Tsu nodded.

Emma was long past feeling any shame in this place, and she nodded enthusiastically. Tsu pushed her half-finished sashimi plate aside and climbed onto the table, kneeling in front of Emma. The redhead reached out and gently placed her right hand on Tsu's round bladder. The bulge was burning hot and absolutely rock-solid. Emma couldn't help herself as she pushed in gently with her thumb. Tsu inhaled sharply and leaned forwards, biting her lip. She did nothing to stop Emma though as she kept pressing in on her.

“Are you sure this is alright?” Emma asked softly. “I wouldn't want you to lose it early because of me.”

Tsu shook her head. “I absolutely love the feeling of outside pressure when I'm this desperate. Each push is like a little orgasm. If I feel like I'm about to leak, I'll let you know. For now, you can push much harder if you'd like.”

Emma took this invitation happily, increasing the pressure she was applying with her thumb. Tsu moaned loudly and shifted her weight down, pushing her crotch against her heel.

“Come on, Emma,” Dee said suddenly. “Give her all you've got, she loves it.” To set an example, Dee scooched closer to Emma and reached out with her left hand, placing her entire palm over Tsu's distended belly and pushing in hard.

The Japanese woman screamed out loud in what sounded much more like pleasure than pain. She toppled over, nearly knocking the rest of Dee's food off the table. Dee moved to protect her plates while Tsu rolled onto her back right in front of Emma. Her bulge was even more prominent now, so large that it protruded even further than her breasts.

Emma's staring was interrupted by a chime as Kay's voice spoke softly. “Normally I would put a stop to this...” Kay started, “but as long as Dee keeps holding it in, I will allow Tsu to proceed how she wishes. Both me and the clients love watching you press on her like that.”

“Thank you, Professor,” Tsu breathed. She turned her head to Emma, smiling widely, her face reddened from the effort of holding on. “Please, you can push even harder. I love it, I really do. Make me burst.”

Even though she'd just gotten off with Dee, Emma felt incredibly turned on right then. She clambered onto the table and straddled Tsu, pulling her kimono up and coming to a rest with her panties hovering just over Tsu's crotch. Tsu squirmed under her and moaned softly, then reached out and grasped Emma's wrists. She guided the redhead's hands to her bursting bladder and let Emma take the lead from there.

Emma leaned forwards and pushed down hard, feeling the liquid inside of Tsu compress. Tsu screamed and thrashed, moaning with immense pleasure and grasping her own breasts. Emma relaxed her push and started massaging Tsu's chest and hips, feeling her soft skin under her shirt. Without warning, she went for another push on Tsu's bladder. She moaned so loudly that it hurt Emma's ears, and she could feel Tsu's legs kicking against her back as she pushed.

“Leaking yet?” Emma whispered.

Tsu whined and shook her head.

“You have amazing control. When we got here, you already had a wet spot though. How are you hanging on this long?”

Tsu giggled and reached out for Emma's shoulders. “I tripped when I was trying to quickly load the sushi cart. It just startled some pee out of me. Now push harder, I'm about to come...” She grasped Emma's shoulders tightly and pulled her in, greatly increasing the force on her own bladder. Emma's hands had it nearly pushed flat now; she had no idea how Tsu was still holding on.

Suddenly, Emma felt someone grasping around by her rear. She turned her head to see Dee struggling to pull Tsu's pants down while Emma sat on her. She lifted her butt and let Dee slide Tsu's pee-stained pants down to her ankles.

“Mmmhh, what are you doing?” Tsu moaned through her gasps.

“Just giving you the same treatment that me and Emma gave each other earlier,” Dee stated. Emma kept her head turned and watched as Dee began to stroke Tsu through her transparent white panties, causing the girl to go absolutely frantic. Emma could barely keep her balance as Tsu thrashed, and Dee took great advantage of this. Upon seeing Emma struggling to keep seated, she reached out with her free hand and pushed Emma hard, causing her to stumble forwards, directly on top of Tsu's bladder. Emma regained her balance and fell into a sit, unaware of her new position until Tsu shrieked in pleasure as she finally reached orgasm.

With Dee teasing her clit and almost all of Emma's weight on her bladder, there was no more hope for Tsu's hold. The Japanese woman absolutely erupted, moaning low and loud as her pee instantly soaked Dee's hand. Due to the way her hips were thrust upwards, a lot of it slid across her belly and puddled around Emma's butt. The redhead didn't care in the slightest though, and she bounced in place, causing Tsu's pee to shoot out in great arcs, straight through the thin fabric of her panties.

The sight of this whole thing proved too much for Dee. She suddenly yelped and stood, hobbling out of the room and into the hallway that led to the living room. Emma cursed and rolled off of Tsu, her dripping kimono leaving a trail across the floor as she gave chase. “TSU, COME WITH ME!” Emma shouted as she bolted out of the room.

Tsu quickly kicked her pants away from her ankles and stood as well, running after Emma with pee still flowing freely down her legs and splattering across the floor.

Emma found Dee kneeling down in the hallway, her hands shoved between her legs. Upon circling in front of her, she could see tears forming in the blonde woman's eyes. “I can't hold it anymore,” Dee cried. “It really hurts, I can feel it just about to come out...”

Emma knelt in front of Dee and placed her hands around Dee's shoulders. “Dee, please, I know you can wait just a little bit longer. You know you want to pass two liters, and everyone knows you've got it in you, but you need to keep holding it. Just try to make it another five minutes.”

“I CAN'T,” Dee moaned, her mouth open in agony as her hips rocked desperately.

“Yes you can,” Emma said gently. She knew that getting upset would serve no purpose now, Dee had to stay calm and focused. “Besides, you can't wee until Tsu is done. I'm sure you can hear her, but she's standing right behind you, still going on the floor. If you do it now, the count will be invalid.”

“I know,” Dee breathed. “Holy shit, I've never felt like this before...the pressure is unbelievable.”

“Just a few more minutes,” Emma whispered. “Here, use my leg...” Emma reached down and pulled her kimono up, then fell into a seated position and extended her right leg. Dee understood, and she shifted forwards until she was right above Emma's leg. Slowly and gingerly, Dee sat down, pressing her privates with all her weight into Emma's hard kneecap.

“Much better than holding myself,” Dee muttered. “Thank you.”

“Any time,” Emma said with a smile. Dee closed her eyes and began breathing heavily, and Emma took the opportunity to look back at Tsu. She was standing about ten feet away from them in a slight squat, her head held down to watch her waterfall. Her pee was perfectly clear, glinting in the bright lighting of the hallway. There seemed to be a very slight downhill tilt towards the kitchen, or else Emma and Dee would both be soaking in her massive puddle right now. Instead, most of the liquid was soaking under the door into the other room.

Suddenly, Tsu looked up and spoke. “Why'd you tell me to follow you? Isn't it mean to make Dee hear me wetting myself?”

Emma frowned and nodded. “Kinda, but it's more important to use your pee to stop the system from measuring if Dee were to lose it too. Knowing you won't get the proper reward is a really good motivation to keep holding it. If you stayed in the kitchen, Dee would have been free to pee out here since I'm sure the different rooms can take separate measurements.”

“I see,” Tsu agreed. “Well, I'm afraid to say that I'm gonna be out in a moment...”

Sure enough, Tsu peed for another fifteen seconds before it slowed to a few drops, and then it fell silent. Her panties were completely see-through at this point, and Emma noticed how smooth and neat she was down there, cleanly shaven with tight labia that hid the fun within. Emma shook herself out of it and turned her eyes back to Dee, who was making a face that resembled that of a bear attack victim.

“It's gonna come out,” Dee mouthed at Emma. “It's right there...I can feel it burning right at the hole...”

“Tsu's hasn't been measured yet,” Emma said. “You have to hold on.”

“Ooowwwww,” was all that Dee could manage.

Seconds later, the trio heard the chime as Tsu's pee started sinking through the floor. “Alright, I've combined the quantities in the hallway and the Japanese scene, and it comes out to one thousand, three hundred and fifty eight milliliters,” Kay announced. “That's less than your last hold by quite a lot, but I suppose that's to be expected with Emma squeezing it out of you like that. Also I suspect that some of it was absorbed into the cushions next to the table. Still, I expect a far better result next time, subject.”

Tsu sighed and nodded. “I'll do my best. So, is Dee safe to go now?”

“Of course not,” Kay nearly snapped. “It doesn't matter if the system is measuring someone else first, she is to hold it in until her body fails her.”

Dee moaned again and leaned in on Emma's shoulder, biting into the fabric of her kimono. Emma frowned and awkwardly patted Dee's back, just trying to do what she could to comfort her. It seemed hopeless though, Dee was on the very edge of a complete breakdown. She shook and heaved, moaning and gasping with every slight motion. Emma reached up and held Dee's head between her hands, pulling her in for a kiss in an attempt to distract her from the volcano of pee boiling inside of her.

Dee reciprocated despite her absolute desperation, and the two of them just held each other and made out for a number of minutes while Tsu just stood nearby, looking on in envy. She knew that it was a sort of trance that they were in, that any interruption might dislodge whatever hold Dee had left.

Still, Dee's recalcitrance against her bladder would soon reach the very edge of its limit. And that moment came just two minutes later. Emma heard Dee's breath catch as they kissed, and with her leg she actually felt the exact moment that Dee's muscles gave out completely. The blonde woman collapsed on top of Emma, her body going totally limp as an absolute tsunami of pee exploded out of her, instantly saturating Emma's leg and splattering up against the walls of the tight hallway.

A thought occurred to Emma as she saw the pee start soaking into the hem of Dee's kimono. “Oh shit, we have to get the fabric out of here!” Emma shouted. “Tsu, help me!” Tsu caught on quickly, and she ran through Dee's rapidly expanding puddle and started tearing the kimono off of her while Emma pulled her own up to her chest and stuffed it into her large belt.

“What...are you...doing,” Dee panted as she fell free of the kimono, now dressed only in her striped panties and masquerade mask. “We're not supposed...” her sentence was interrupted by an involuntary moan of relief. “Not supposed to remove our outfits unless we're in the bathroom...”

“Not this time,” Emma said softly, still embracing Dee as she continued to flood the hallway with a torrent that made a fire hose look like a squirt gun. “Kay said to use any means necessary to make sure you passed two liters. If pee got soaked up into the kimonos, it wouldn't be measured properly. This is fine.”

Dee nodded and nuzzled her face in Emma's hair. “Thank you for helping me get this far,” Dee whispered. “I just hope it was enough.”

Emma hugged Dee tighter with her right arm, letting her left wander between Dee's legs. She slid her finger into the crotch of Dee's panties and pulled them aside, letting the stream flow completely unobstructed. The pressure was incredible. “I have no idea how you can wee so hard,” Emma muttered. “I saw your pee hole up close this morning, it's just a tiny opening...”

Dee giggled like a little girl and spread her legs wider so Emma could see properly. “I don't know either. I guess when there's enough pressure, it just kinda opens up.” The way Dee was sitting, her pee was splattering all over Emma's legs and lower torso. She loved it though; it was really warm and comforting. Dee showed no sign of slowing down, and time continued passing. Emma was becoming concerned that the three minutes would pass before Dee could even finish. However, all good things must come to an end, and soon enough the great river slowed to a small brook, and after another twenty seconds, Dee finally ran dry.

With no clothes on to absorb anything, Dee fell back into her puddle, completely spent, completely exhausted, and completely relieved. Emma took the opportunity to slide Dee's panties off and wring them tightly into the rest of the puddle. She then put them around her neck did the same to her own pair. “Every milliliter helps,” she stated. Time seemed to move at a standstill as they waited for the results, their anxiety growing with every passing second. After what felt like an age, the absurd quantity of liquid finally began vanishing into the floor. Still they waited and waited, until finally...

“TWO THOUSAND AND EIGHT MILLILITERS!” Kay roared, the absolute delight in her voice clear to all. The three women shrieked, Emma and Dee jumping to their feet, Dee's fatigue completely forgotten. They hugged each other and bounced up and down like a bunch of overexcited teenagers, reveling in Dee's complete victory.

“Listen, listen, LISTEN,” Kay's voice shouted from the loudspeakers over the trio's wild celebration. The girls fell quiet and looked to the nearest camera, although they continued shaking with excitement. “The game is suspended for the rest of the night to celebrate Dee's accomplishment. Please, return to the Japanese scene and finish enjoying your dinner. The three of you may spend the rest of the evening together as you wish, but when it is time for Emma to sleep, I must ask that Dee and Tsu return to their own sections of the complex. Tomorrow's task is for Emma alone.”

Emma gulped.

“One more thing, and this is a rather unusual occurrence here, but Emma...I ask that you relieve yourself tonight, even if you are not desperate. If you go to sleep on a full bladder, you will have absolutely no chance of completing tomorrow's challenge, and we don't want that. So for now, enjoy the night. I am so impressed with you, Dee. We must speak personally some time soon.”

Dee smiled wide and nodded. “Yes, Professor.”

“Good. Well, I suppose I'll get out of your hair now. I will speak to you in the morning, Emma. Good night, Subjects.”

Kay's mic cut out, and Dee turned towards the door to the Japanese scene. “Come on, Tsu, I'm still really fuckin' hungry.”

*138*2017-05-08 05:39

{{58 minutes ago, BothanSpy1138 said:

While Tsu switching from a stereotypical Japanese accent to a thick New York accent is absolutely hilarious, I can't help but point out that Cheers was set in Boston.

And Boston accents sound nothing like New York accents.

}}

Holy shit, I can't believe I've done this. I was so focused on weeding out typos...I know Cheers is in Boston, I originally put New York by itself but then I decided to put the Cheers joke and forgot to change it...

Fuck's sake...this is such a bad one that it might be worth asking Kirito to delete the post so I can fix it. I so hate that I can't edit posts on this site.

*144*2017-05-09 06:14

{{15 hours ago, BothanSpy1138 said:

Now I feel bad for pointing that out.

I'm not sure why I needed to point out the Cheers mistake, but it felt like something somebody would have pointed out eventually.

Dont let it get to you.

The chapter, and the story as a whole, is excellent, and I've been enjoying it a lot. The characters and the situations you put them in are great.

Keep up the great work.

}}

Don't feel bad, thanks for mentioning it. This goes for everyone who reads this: Please point out any typos / inconsistencies / continuity errors you may find. While I might not be able to edit posts here, I will be posting a "remastered" version of this whole story once I finish it, so knowing exactly what I need to refuckulate would be nice.

I know this is just porn, but outside of this website I am a legitimate author. Where I usually have editors, here it's all up to me to sort out my stories. I do my absolute best, but some things slide through.

This could probably be helped by NOT writing at two in the morning when I'm barely conscious. Also, maybe TMI here, but I tend to write these stories while I'm horny as a pen of buffalo, so I can properly channel really intense sexual energy into my writing. I also often write while I'm really desperate IRL so I can use my own bursting bladder to work out how the characters in the story might be feeling.

However, these things are very distracting. I need to make it a habit to go through my stories when I'm in my right mind before I post them.

*146*2017-06-23 12:44

{{8 hours ago, BigAssBiscuit said:

Hows the next chapter coming along?

}}

It isn't, currently. Busy working on my series of actual books. Don't worry though, I still fully intend to finish this.

*148*2017-06-25 04:46

Hey everyone, welcome back. This is a sort of mini-chapter. I did this because the next part is going to be very long, and that together with this sort of intro, would make it a little excessive for one entry. So enjoy this short bit, and get ready for the best chapter yet.

***

Part Eight and a Half-

Four hours later, Emma and Dee stumbled into the bedroom, loudly singing a rather terrible rendition of Bonnie Tyler's “Holding out for a Hero.” They had been given free reign of the place after Dee's incredible feat, and they bloody well took advantage of it. Tsu had cracked open the compound's liquor stash, which was concealed in the floor. It pulled up and opened into a full bar. When Emma asked, Dee explained that some women got way too into it and ended up peeing themselves when they weren't even that desperate, which caused Kay to have it hidden for special occasions.

Three large beers, two glasses of Lagavulin 12 Year and four shots of tequila later, both women were understandably yet completely annihilated. Tsu had left after only two margaritas, stating that she had work to do before bed. After leaving the kitchen and somehow managing to make it up the stairs, Emma and Dee nearly slithered across the room, where Emma collapsed into her bed, her left hand jammed against her privates. She seriously needed to pee, but the bathroom was all the way over there. Who had time for that? Dee made some incoherent noises, then wobbled away through the exit in the shower to whatever was in store for her, and Emma was alone. She blinked at the ceiling, then closed her eyes, quickly fading towards sleep.

“Subject, please go relieve yourself now,” Kay's voice sank into her unfocused ears. “The toilet has been placed back in the bathing room. Hell, go on the floor for all I care. Just do it now.”

“Merhh,” Emma responded.

“Emma – Have to pee, - Remember tomorrow-” Kay said a bit louder, her voice stern yet concerned.

Emma was right on the edge of sleep, she could not make out everything Kay was saying.

“EMMA, I MEAN IT, GO PEE! NOW!”

Emma squirmed in her bed, sliding one leg off the side of the mattress...and then she was fast asleep.

***

Emma blinked awake as the room lit up and the accursed chime went off. She slowly turned her head to the bedside clock; it read 8:00 A.M.

“It's time to get up, Subject. You have a big day ahead of you,” Kay said softly.

“Mornin' Professor,” Emma mumbled. “Have a good night?”

“Better than you did,” Kay sighed. “It's not often that I do favors for my subjects. You're lucky that I've taken such a liking to you.”

“What are you on about?” Emma muttered, rubbing her eyes.

Kay did not respond. Emma sighed and sat up – Feeling for the first time the wet sheets under her butt. She gasped and reached to her crotch, patting her privates and feeling the bed between her legs. It was absolutely soaked. She had wet her kimono while she slept. Despite everything that's happened over the past days, her face went red immediately and she covered her mouth with her hands. There was no dignity in this, she hadn't fought to hold it or had fun with it, she had legitimately wet the bed like a little baby. It was still just pee, but it felt different to her. She was ashamed of herself.

It took her a few minutes to shake herself out of it. She eventually looked up and gazed around the room, her eyes focusing on a rather obvious new addition. A large monitor sat on a desk only a few feet next to her bed. Wow, I must have been seriously out of it to miss that. Emma slowly stood, feeling the wet kimono cling to her butt. She slowly walked to the monitor and saw a single button embedded in the desk with the universal 'PLAY' symbol on it. A pair of headphones were also hanging from the corner of the monitor. She shrugged and reached out, putting on the headphones and pressing the button.

The monitor popped on quickly, the screen lighting up to a camera's view of her own room. It looked down on her from the top of her bed, where she slept sprawled out in her kimono. It was Kay's footage of the previous night. Emma watched closely, seeing her own legs shaking and squirming despite her deep sleep. Her body was clearly fighting hard to hold her pee even without her brain there to help it. She watched as a shadow grew into frame from the right, and to her immense surprise, Kay herself strode into view. Emma only recognized her due to her mask and her beautiful, bright red hair. She was not wearing her incredible flame-colored dress, instead she was clad in simple light pink pajama shorts and a black tank top.

It felt weird seeing Kay like that, looking like...well, like a real person rather than an actual goddess from some mythological era. She stopped in the center of the room and looked up, directly into the camera. Her violet eyes were perfectly visible under her mask, the expression on her mouth unreadable. “I shouldn't be doing this,” Kay said to the camera. “As you can see from the way I am dressed, I should be asleep right now...but I guess I have to do this. The clients cannot see this, only you. They would be upset if they knew. However, I want you to succeed tomorrow and that will never happen without this intervention.”

Kay looked back towards Emma sleeping in the bed, her legs now twisted together and folded tightly. She approached the sleeping subject, looking down at her. “Look at you. Completely unconscious, yet still fighting so hard to hold it in. You are so strong. Any other woman would wet the bed by herself if she was that drunk, but I am certain that you would last the night and wake up on the verge of exploding. Well, here I go.”

Kay reached out and placed both of her hands on Emma's thighs. She pressed firmly, guiding Emma's legs apart and down onto the bed. And then she slid her hands up to Emma's belly and leaned in, pressing hard onto her bladder, which was bulging so far that it was visible even from the camera this far up the wall. Kay kept pressing and squeezing, and the sleeping Emma began to moan and shiver. Her legs thrashed and her arms instinctively tried to move to hold herself, but Kay blocked the attempts as she kept pressing. “I...can't believe...how much control you have,” Kay panted as she struggled with Emma. “You are so fascinating, you are so beautiful.” The wrestling match lasted almost a full minute. Eventually Kay pressed her whole forearm against Emma's bladder and nearly climbed on top of her, groaning in frustration as she bounced up and down. “Holy shit, just pee already,” she hissed.

Finally, Emma's control gave out. The spray was clearly audible, her stream soaking through her panties and pooling into the kimono and mattress. Kay jumped backwards to avoid getting wet as the puddle became visible, spreading around her before soaking into the bed. Despite her attempt to dodge it, there was a small wet patch on Kay's shorts, on the outer thigh of her left leg. Emma moaned and gasped, her hands reaching between her legs and her back arching as she wet herself completely. Yet she was still fast asleep. Kay watched closely as Emma emptied her bulging bladder into the mattress. It took a very long time for her to finish, but eventually she ran dry and Kay turned back to the camera.

“I've never done anything like this before. You're turning me nice, and that is confusing and upsetting to me. Well, now you have a shot at completing tomorrow's challenge. I was originally going to have Dee leave a note, but considering she was just as smashed as you were, that wasn't happening. She wet herself again on the way back to her own room, by the way. Figured that would interest you, even if it was only about one liter. Not surprising considering how drunk she was and that her muscles are still recovering... Anyway, I guess I'll just tell you here. You are going to be participating in a scavenger hunt. It will take place around the entire compound, including locations that you have never seen.”

“I will give you the first clue when I am done explaining, and with each item found there will be a new clue along with a bottle of water. You are to drink them as you find the clues; there will be no chime every half hour. To win the challenge, you must locate all of the items and place them on the coffee table in the living room. That is all.”

“I hope you can learn a lesson.”

***

The screen went blank. Emma's mouth was hanging open. She hadn't wet the bed after all. Kay had personally come in and forced it out of her. The shame was gone, fully replaced with heated determination. Kay went so far to help me so I could complete this challenge. I've got to do it. No matter how bad it gets, I've got to finish.

Emma shook her head and focused entirely on the task at hand. Scavenger hunt. First clue. Learn a lesson. The answer was obvious. The classroom scene. Awake and determined, Emma turned towards the door – And realized that she was still wearing her pee-soaked kimono. She stopped in her tracks and jogged to the dresser next to the bed, pulling it open. To her surprise, she saw the exact clothes that Kay had been wearing the night before. The pink pajama shorts, the black tank top, and a pair of those impossibly soft satin panties, this time in a bright red that matched Kay's hair. Emma reached out and took the cotton shorts into her hand. Sure enough, the spot that had gotten wet the previous night was still very slightly damp. The contents of the drawer were absolutely Kay's own clothes.

Visions instantly flooded Emma's mind. Images of Kay standing there after the video cut, realizing that Emma had no new clothes. Exhausted and not wanting to be bollocksed finding anything else, she just stripped naked next to the sleeping Emma and left her own nightclothes in the drawer. Emma could visualize Kay sliding her panties down her long legs, visualize her peeling the tight tank top off as her breasts fell free.

Emma shivered and opened her eyes, groaning as she felt how wet she had become in only a few seconds. She slid off her striped panties and patted down her vagina with the front of the kimono, which was still dry, then tossed the panties under the bed. She then worked on removing the kimono properly, but it was hopeless. The complicated knots resisted her trembling fingers. Frustrated and way too horny to bother with it, she grasped the belt from both sides and just forced the entire thing up and over her breasts and head, tossing it under the bed where all her other clothes went. She reached out and took the red panties, shivering again as she slid them into place. Despite Kay's much greater height, they were the exact same panty size, the soft crotch of them settling against her sensitive labia.

I've got to get a hold of myself. I can't be so distracted. I'm a bloody adult, I shouldn't need to rub one out every time I get a wee bit frisky. Don't have time for this. Emma forced herself to move faster, pulling on the shorts and then the tank top. Barefoot and dressed in Kay's own clothes, Emma shook her head violently in an attempt to regain sense before she booked it out of the bedroom and down the stairs, ready for whatever was in store for her.

