Desperation Dungeon - A Multi-Part Story of Extreme Desperation - Page 9

Author: Bulge_Lover

*204*2017-10-21 17:18

Part Eleven-

“Cece!” Kay snapped, crossing her legs and staring at the blonde woman. “You should know better than to interrupt such a situation. The gun will be fine. Even if it was damaged, I could buy you a thous-”

“It's not about damage, it's about respecting my property,” Cece said, holding the now-clean rifle over her shoulder. “I was using this rifle when I won the-”

“SILENCE!” Kay suddenly shouted. She then cleared her throat and reached into her breasts, withdrawing a small remote. She pressed a button on it, then stuffed it back down her dress. “Alright, cameras are off. Cece, you need to be more careful. If you'd said what championship you won, anybody watching could easily work out your identity. Don't prove my letting you participate a mistake. Shit, how many professional female shooters could there even be out there? I just hope Beatrice bleeped that before it went live.”

“I'm sure she did,” Cece sighed. “You're right, I'm sorry. And I'm sorry for interrupting, but this gun is really important to me.”

“I know, I'm sorry too,” Kay said softly. She stood up and embraced the ragged and still-damp Cece, completely unconcerned for her own ornate dress. “Go to your room, have a nice bath. You can have tomorrow off to make up for the ordeal you went through today.”

Cece blinked. “Uhm, thank you, but wasn't I supposed to, you know...” She trailed off, tilting her head up towards Emma, who grimaced and sunk back into the couch. She couldn't help but feel a little intimidated by Cece. Not only was she nearly thirty pounds of pure muscle heavier than Emma was, but a professional shooter as well? And Emma seemed to have gotten on her bad side first thing.

“Nope,” Kay sighed. “Emma is going to take tomorrow off as well. She needs to be examined to make sure she didn't hurt herself, and she needs to recover.”

Cece furrowed her brow and stared at Emma. “Wait, what did I miss?”

Kay smiled and sat back on the couch, nuzzling her head on Emma's shoulder. “This magnificent woman just broke the record. She released over twenty-two hundred milliliters.”

Cece's eyes went wide and it was clear that she was trying hard not to freak out. She stammered for a moment. “This kid?” she finally barked, pointing two fingers at Emma, who had practically fused with the couch at this point. “How's that even possible, wasn't she at like fifteen hundred last time?”

“Sixteen,” Kay corrected her. “Yes, though, it is truly unbelievable. She pushed herself so far, like her life truly depended on it. The greatest display I've ever seen. That said, I'm very concerned for her. Please return to your quarters like I asked, and bring up the medbay on your way.”

Cece glanced suspiciously at Emma for a moment, then nodded. She strode out of the living room, and Emma leaned over the side of the couch to watch as she made her way to the end of the hall and into the classroom scene. A moment later, Emma heard a loud mechanical grinding, like the sound of a freight elevator.

“The bloody hell is that racket?” Emma muttered, squinting at the door to the classroom scene.

“Follow me and find out,” Kay quipped, gracefully getting to her feet. Emma sat up straight and leaned forwards, then slid off the couch onto her knees.

“I don't think I can stand properly,” Emma breathed with a nervous giggle. “My legs feel like I've just run a triathlon.”

“That's to be expected after what you just did,” Kay explained, smiling lovingly at Emma. She reached down and grasped the redhead's hand, pulling her to her feet and keeping her held in a steady embrace. “Not many people would think so, but holding one's bladder to its true limit is one of the most exhausting things a person can do, in every way. The mental fortitude it takes to withstand the pain, the sheer willpower it takes to ignore a biological NEED, not to mention the pure physical strength it takes to withstand such pressure.”

Kay closed her eyes and smiled wider, and Emma noticed Kay's right hand shifting slowly between her legs. A second later though, she clenched her fist and withdrew it. “I've spoken with many women, and male clients, who find wetting to be something degrading. Something humiliating, a sign of weakness. But it is the exact opposite of that, Megan. You know it as well as I do, now. The raw power it takes to bring your body to that point of complete failure... It is incredible. Even if your bladder is tiny, to hold it all in until it just forces its way out of you is a display of strength, not weakness. Someone weak would squat in an alley after a night out drinking. Someone weak would excuse themselves from a meeting to use the toilet. Someone weak would walk out in the middle of a movie. Someone weak would- Wait, are you peeing?”

Emma blinked and looked down. Sure enough, a light stream of completely clear liquid was dripping down her legs and onto her and Kay's feet. “Looks like it,” Emma muttered. “I'm really sorry... I can't control it at all...”

Kay tilted her head and kissed Emma on her mouth. “That's also to be expected. The first time Tsu broke fifteen hundred, she was dribbling for like, three days. That's still a pretty average capacity for this place though. With what you did... Let's just get you in a bed. Come on.”

Kay nearly carried her through the hallway, her slender body hiding surprisingly strong arms. “Was the footage good?” Emma asked suddenly. “I kind of just fell over, wasn't thinking about a good angle...”

“There's no such thing as a bad angle in this place,” Kay assured her. “That said, the footage from this wetting was absolutely phenomenal. Remember the camera in the coffee table? It caught EVERYTHING. Dead-on, in 4K. It's one of the closest, highest-resolution soakings we've ever had. The level of detail is astonishing.”

Emma went red at the thought of strangers staring directly at her peeing crotch in Ultra HD as they reached the door to the classroom scene, and Kay pushed it open with her foot. Emma looked up as bright white lights caught her eye, and she blinked repeatedly. They were standing in what seemed to be a large hospital room, five beds lined in a row. One was occupied by a naked and sleeping middle-eastern woman with bandages wrapped around her arms and stomach. This was unusual enough, but the stranger thing was that she was not wearing a mask. On the right side of the room was a counter, and behind said counter was an exceedingly tall woman of about forty years with jet-black hair and thick glasses, also maskless.

“Hello, Doctor,” Kay panted. “Let me introduce you to-”

“Emma, isn't it?” the woman interrupted. “Yes, I saw what happened. Please lay down next to Maisha there. I'll be with you in a moment.”

Kay nodded and dragged Emma to the bed next to the other woman and set her down. As soon as she fell back, another spurt of pee leaked out of her, soaking a small spot of the sheet.

“So, what is this?” Emma asked. “You film the nurse fetish stuff in here?”

Kay blinked and shook her head. “No, we have another room for that. This is a fully functional medical facility, and Dr. Elise is a real doctor. She was a subject, years ago, and she wanted to use her earnings to pay for medical school. When I learned of this, I offered to cover the cost of her education as well as paying her in full should she join my little cult here. She's a licensed general practitioner, and she also has degrees in urology, gynecology, and psychology. I should also mention that the Elise and Maisha are these women's real names, not code. You're not to mention either of them outside of this room."

Emma looked to the doctor with an impressed nod. “Wait, if this is real...” Emma's voice fell to a whisper. “What happened to...” she barely tilted her head towards the bandaged, sleeping woman next to her.

“I have no right to tell you,” Kay said simply, frowning slightly. “Get to know her when she wakes up, maybe she'll explain. Do not press her though. I love you, but I won't stand for it if you upset this woman.”

Emma blinked and nodded. “Of course. I'll be respectful.”

“Good,” Kay said, her smile growing back quickly. “Oh, I almost forgot... I have something for you. I noticed how badly you wanted to watch the videos in the classroom scene earlier. Take this.” Kay reached down her dress again and pulled out a smartphone and a pair of earbuds.

Emma's mouth fell open for a moment. “How the hell do you keep so much stuff in your tits? No offense, but they're not that large...”

Emma feared a bollocksing for her comment, but Kay had to bite into her arm to stifle a giddy laugh. “It's excellent, isn't it? Look...” Kay peeked over her shoulder at the doctor, who was buried in a folder, not paying the slightest bit of attention. She then looked back to Emma and reached for her chest, gripping the neckline of her dress. She folded it over, exposing her breasts – And a row of deep pockets lining the inside of the dress. Emma's mouth fell open slightly. The last thing she expected was to see this part of Kay right now. Even though they were breasts as plain as any other woman's, the intimacy of Kay's gesture made Emma shiver.

“Pockets!” Kay squealed as quietly as she could, sounding like an overexcited schoolgirl. “No decent women's clothing has pockets in it, but I can get around that when I have my own made. I just have them put on the inside so they're not visible. I can fit everything except the kitchen sink in here.” She released the dress and let the cups flip back into place. She didn't seem to find her own action sexual or unusual at all; something that made sense in her line of work, Emma supposed. “Anyway, this phone's got a whole bunch of my videos in it. They're sorted by the subject's names. You can watch anything you like. There is...one catch,” Kay said, her smile growing slightly evil. “The doctor will tear you a new one if she catches you playing with yourself in here. No matter how horny you get, you hold it together and save all that energy for our...encounter, after your final challenge.”

Kay pursed her lips. “In fact, even after you get out of here, if I catch you doing anything before we have our time together, you'll be in for it. You're not to have any sexual contact with Dee, Tsu, or any other subject either. From this point on... You're... Mine.” With that, Kay slid her left hand down to the slit in her dress, pulling it aside. Emma's eyes shot down instantly, going wide as crystal balls as they fell on Kay's panties. Other than the crotch, they were made from see-through mesh. Emma could see Kay's fire-red hair pressing against the material, and the very tip of her clit above the cotton crotch that obscured the rest of her womanhood. Kay reached down with her right middle finger, tracing a line back-to-front, the outline of her labia growing visible through the thin fabric.

Emma's breath quickened, and she felt blood rush to her face. The room suddenly felt far warmer. She bit her lip as she felt her heart begin to race. There was an ache between her legs, completely unrelated to the soreness from her hold. She grew hot and damp, a new wetness growing inside of her. Emma's palms tingled, her breath shook, her toes curled and she licked her lips, dry from her quick breaths- And then Kay released her dress and turned, striding out of the room without another word.

Emma's head fell back on the pillow, her pussy throbbing and desperate for attention. She gripped her sheets hard and shut her eyes, fighting the temptation to just start going at it.

“Ahem.”

Emma yelped and opened her eyes. Dr. Elise was standing over her, holding out her gloved hands. “I'm going to check you out now, alright?” she said kindly.

Emma just nodded.

Elise smiled and helped Emma undress, sliding off her saturated panties first. “Oh, you don't need that mask in here. The cameras are only for me to see when I'm in my office, should something go wrong.” She pulled Emma's mask off and then removed her dress. She covered Emma's chest with a thin sheet, then walked back to her counter to change her gloves. “You'll be allowed to shower as soon as you can stand properly. For now I'm just gonna make sure you haven't broken anything.” Elise returned quickly and stood right next to Emma. She reached out and placed her hand on Emma's belly, pressing gently. “This hurt?”

“Not at all,” Emma said truthfully. “It's just numb.”

Elise nodded. She slid her hand lower and pushed slightly harder. Emma grimaced as a surprisingly large spurt of pee flew out of her, splashing on the tile floor. Elise slanted her lips. “Well, that means there's something in your bladder. With how much you drank, it should be filling quickly. Do me a favor and urinate by yourself, as much as you can.”

Emma shrugged and relaxed as much as she could, pushing gently. A stream started up quickly, soaking her butt and flowing off the sides of the bed. She peed for about five seconds before it tapered off.

“Excellent,” Dr. Elise said with another nod. “If you can urinate at will, you're almost certainly fine. Now I'm going to ask that you try to hold it the next time you feel the need. Shouldn't be long. I won't make you hold it until you're bursting, it's just that if you can feel pressure in your bladder and it's not coming out by itself, that means you're good to go.”

“I understand,” Emma said. “I'm sure I'm alright. I'm just tired.”

“Well, duh,” Elise said with a smile. “That was the largest pee I've ever seen, outside of a medical emergency anyway. Rest up. I'll be around.”

Emma closed her eyes and lay there for a good half an hour. However, she could not fall asleep. The smartphone in her hand called to her. Eventually, she sighed and sat up slightly. She plugged in the earbuds and turned on the phone. It went through its startup ceremonies, and then she opened the gallery. There were many folders, labeled by letter. Just like she did in the classroom scene, she first opened the folder marked “K.” Inside was a single image of a woman's middle finger, nails painted red. Don't know what I expected.

With another sigh, she went back to the list and decided on a woman that she did not know: Q. Inside were three videos, each about four hours long. Shrugging, she opened the first one.

The screen faded to solid white, and ornate letters formed one by one. “The Queen's Desperation: Volume One.” The white faded as well, revealing what looked like a dungeon. It was different than the one that she had been in, however. A stone slab sat alone in the middle of the room, a naked blonde woman chained to it by all four limbs. The only thing she wore was a yellow mask that almost matched her hair. Her bladder protruded past her breasts, and she moaned in agony with every breath. Emma watched in a trance as the woman held on with amazing willpower, her bladder constantly growing. 

Eventually a group of masked women wearing chainmail and leathers walked in and taunted the woman, insulting her 'Kingdom.' Emma recognized Cece among them. They pressed on her belly and tried to force her to lose control, but she held on through it all. Emma jumped around the video, as four hours was quite a lot for her. The woman got more and more frantic as it went on, screaming and cursing, her stomach the shape of a watermelon as Emma skipped past the two hour mark.

Emma was dumbfounded at the woman's control as her 'captors' returned once more in an attempt to force her to pee. She spurted a number of times as they pressed and prodded at her, but it wasn't until the final ten minutes of the video that she really began to lose it. Without warning, a huge spray of clear pee shot out of the bound blonde, splattering against the stone wall. She cried loudly and struggled to contain her flow, but more and more pee puddled around her butt and flowed off the slab she was on. She fought hard for five more minutes before she effectively passed out, and her flow erupted unimpeded. It shot meters through the air, soaking the walls and floor, an absolute torrent. She relieved herself for almost a full minute, despite all that she had already leaked.

Once she was finished, she lay there breathing heavily for a minute before her huge puddle sank into the ground. A few seconds later came Kay's voice. “One thousand, six hundred and ninety milliliters. A wonderful capacity, and a marked improvement over your last hold.”

The Queen just muttered out an exhausted confirmation. The remaining few minutes of the video was just Kay doing a voiceover of text, explaining how to purchase other categories of videos, or how to contact her if you wanted something custom-made. When the screen went black, Emma opened the next one. This opened to the same woman laying in a bed of flowers next to another, younger woman. They were both wearing dresses straight out of the dark ages, dresses that were pulled up over their waists. The bulges of their bladders were visible even through the garments, and the two women fingered each other and kissed passionately. Emma quickly went flush again, her privates begging for pleasure. She turned off the video with a third sigh. I can't deal with that if I can't get off.

Emma retreated from the Q folder. Her eyes then fell on the letter V, and something faded into her memory, something that Dee had said to Tsu...

“If you think for one second that I've forgotten the sight of Vee pissing all over your tits while you were balls-deep in her with that strap-on...”

Emma grinned and opened the folder. There was only one video inside, and it appeared to be three hours long. Emma tapped it quickly. It opened to a bedroom, similar yet slightly different to her own in the complex. A very pale woman with large natural breasts and frizzy red hair sat on the bed, dressed in a set of aqua-blue pajamas with little cartoon whales on it. She wore a mask that matched her pajamas in color, and she looked into the camera.

“Hi,” she said, her voice high-pitched and clearly nervous. “I...I don't know if I'm supposed to be talking to the camera, but I was never told not to. My name is Vee. This is my first time here. I'm excited, and a little scared. I already need to wee pretty badly.” Vee spoke in a slight Scottish accent. It was noticeable, but she was not hard to understand. “I've been told that another woman will be joining me to show me around...”

She leaned back slightly, her legs squirming gently. It was only two minutes until Tsu walked into the frame. Unlike Emma's meeting with her, she was wearing a set of purple and pink polka-dot pajamas. The women introduced themselves, then Vee stood up. As she did so, she moaned slightly and squeezed her thighs together.

“Need to go already, eh?” Tsu asked.

Vee just nodded and blushed. “The Professor made me drink a bunch of tea after I got here...”

“Yeah, she does that when people wet themselves in the car,” Tsu laughed. “Bit of a punishment I guess. Well, let me show you around before you get really desperate.”

Emma watched for a while as the two women moved about the compound. The rooms they went through were very similar to the rooms that Emma was used to... However, there were differences. Not just different decoration, but structurally, and Emma knew that this was a different part of the compound. She couldn't even imagine how large the whole place was. Emma shook her head and skipped about an hour ahead in the video. Things had changed quite a bit. They were now in a sort of lounge, a massive circular couch sitting in the middle of the room. They had also been joined by Dee, wearing her usual emerald green in the form of yet another set of pajamas. The three of them sat on the couch around a wooden table, two large and empty bottles of white wine laying on it. Tsu and Dee were acting normal, but Vee was having an absolute cow. Her hands were both shoved in her crotch, her legs shaking violently up and down, her breasts bouncing freely. Her hair had also frizzed up to a comical level.

“Ohmygodicantholdit, imgonnawee, itsgonnacomeout,” she was ranting.

Tsu was holding her shoulders gently, trying to calm her. “You're okay, if you panic like this it's gonna be much harder to hold on. Your bladder isn't even solid yet. You can still hold it for a long time. It just feels really intense because true desperation is a new sensation for you.”

Vee nodded quickly and tried to stifle her excessive squirming. “Just – Please, distract me, I... I need to think about something else!”

Dee placed her hand on her chin and faked like she was stroking a beard. “We're all sitting here in pajamas like it's a sleepover. Obviously that's the scenario the Professor's trying to set up. How about we dive into that and play truth or dare?”

Tsu and Vee stared at her for a moment, and then they both nodded. “We'll go clockwise,” Tsu said. “I'll go first. Vee, truth or dare?”

Vee looked up at Tsu with desperation clear in her eyes, but she steeled herself and sat up straighter. “Uhm, Dare I guess? Just don't make me do anything physical or I'll really, seriously wet myself...”

Tsu thought for a moment. “Kiss Dee. On the mouth.”

Dee held out her arms and whooped loudly as Vee went red. “I thought dares were supposed to be something bad!” Dee laughed.

“I...I barely know her,” Vee stammered.

“Come on,” Dee encouraged. “We're all open types here, and we're all just girls. C'mere and kiss me.”

Vee flushed redder still, but she smiled and leaned sideways with a groan. “Oh, fuck's sake, I can't move. If I'm gonna kiss you, you come here.”

Dee happily obliged. She got up on the couch and crawled over the table, settling next to Vee. She grabbed the redhead and kissed her deeply and lovingly, and Vee was quick to respond, but Tsu interrupted them before it went too far.

“Vee, your turn,” she shot.

Vee, breathing heavily, looked to Dee. “Truth or dare?”

“Truth,” Dee said quickly.

Vee had to think for quite a while, her bursting bladder preventing much in the way of thought. “Have you ever wet yourself in public, when you really didn't want to?”

Dee barked out a loud laugh. “Oh, loads of times. I have this thing where when it's raining, or if there's a fountain or something, I need to pee IMMEDIATELY. I've wet myself a whole lot because of that. Not so much now that I've learned to hold it so well. Alright, Tsu, your turn. Truth or dare?”

“Dare,” Tsu said excitedly.

Dee grinned wickedly. “Ten sit-ups. No pausing to hold it. If you leak, you leak.”

Tsu rolled onto the floor without hesitation and locked her feet under the couch. She began doing the sit-ups, getting through five of them just fine. On the sixth, she moaned for a moment, and on the seventh she yelped loudly. Still she pushed through, and on the ninth, Emma could see a small puddle forming around Tsu's butt. She finished the last sit-up and fell back with a gasp, twisting her legs together. “Oh, shit, I'm okay, only leaked a little...”

Dee laughed at her, but Vee just folded up like a knot. “Guys, I'm having a really hard time staying dry... I keep feeling a leak like, just inside my vag. I think my knickers might be a bit wet already...”

“Just stay focused on the game,” Tsu breathed. “Truth or dare?”

“Truth,” Vee said this time.

Tsu pursed her lips. “How old were you the first time you had sex?”

Vee grimaced and leaned back, starting to shake again. “I... Uhm, I was...”

“Ooohhhh my god,” Dee droned. “She's never done it! She's never been fucked!”

“Shuuuut it,” Vee complained, limply flailing an arm at Dee. “Yeah I've never done it, but it's not like I haven't wanted to, nobody likes my hair...”

“Whaaat?” Tsu whined. “Your hair is amazing! That's not it. And with those tits you could have any guy you want. What's the real reason? You full lesbo?”

Vee laughed, then moaned and tightened up even more. “Nah... I'm fine with girls, but I'm into guys mostly. If I'm being completely honest, I was kind of...scared. What it might feel like, to have a... A thing inside of me.”

“The word you're looking for is COCK,” Dee shouted drunkenly.

“Oh, be nice,” Tsu scolded her. “She's young. I think...”

“I'm nineteen,” Vee mumbled.

“See? Young as fuck. Or...as... Not fuck? Shit, I had way too much wine,” Tsu sighed. “Anyway, it's nothing to be ashamed of. It does seem kind of weird.”

Vee nodded and looked at her feet.

“Would you...like to?” Tsu offered.

Vee blinked and looked back up at her. “Eh?”

“Would you like to feel what it's liked to be fucked?” Tsu asked again. “I'll do it. Right here and now.”

Vee squinted, her eyes flashing towards Tsu's crotch. “Uhm... What? Are you...”

Tsu looked confused for a moment, then saw where Vee was staring. “Oy! No, I don't have a fuckin' dick! I mean with a strap-on. Feels just like the real thing when you use a good one. Are you up for it?”

Dee's eyes were wide at this sudden change of events, her gaze flipping between the two of them. “Vee, you can trust her,” Dee said softly. “She'll make the experience as pleasant as she can. It's something every woman should feel.”

Vee was shaking, both from nerves and desperation. “Okay,” she yelped suddenly. “I'll do it. I'm scared as hell but this whole place is crazy and I'm crazy and I don't even really know how I ended up here and none of this seems real so what the fuck, let's do this!”

Dee threw both arms all the way up in the air and hollered like she'd just scored the winning goal at the World Cup. Tsu just smiled widely and stood. “I'll go get it. You wait here. And don't pee!” At that, Tsu jogged off.

Emma watched as Dee cuddled up next to Vee. “There's really nothing to be afraid of,” she said. “However, I should say that you're actually very brave. New girls usually take a couple of days before they let us start doin' stuff to them. But they always have fun when it does happen.”

Vee didn't respond. She was too focused on holding herself. Dee frowned and grasped both of Vee's wrists. She pulled them hard, forcing them away from Vee's crotch. The woman moaned and protested, too embarrassed to form proper words.

“C'mon, that won't really help you hold it. Besides, you should get nice and ready for Tsu. Can I touch you?”

Vee shivered and nodded.

Dee didn't need to be told twice. She slid her right hand into Vee's pajama pants, quickly finding her clit. It took less than ten seconds for Dee to get the other woman randy. “Do you like the feeling of being so desperate?” Dee asked. “Usually it takes longer for a girl to get so wet when she's holding.”

“I...I love this stuff,” Vee moaned. “I love to just wet myself and play in it, but I want as much money as I can get...”

“Don't worry about the money,” Dee said, somewhat menacingly. “Worry about what the Professor will do to you if you pee before you reach your limit. Trust me, she'll know.

Vee gulped just as Tsu walked back into frame. She wasn't carrying anything. “I'm baaaack,” she sang. “And I've got one of the fanciest ones that Kay has in here. Check this out...” She grasped the waistband of her pants... and slid them down, revealing a bright pink silicon erection, about five inches in length. “Since you're new, I went with a smaller one. How's it look?”

Vee covered her mouth and stared at it. “Ohmygod I can't believe I'm doing this,” she nearly shouted.

“It's okay,” Dee said gently. “It's still just a toy. Nothing to be afraid of. Lean back...open your legs.”

Dee guided her, pushing her back down onto the wide couch. Vee's legs were held together like a vise, but Dee managed to pry them open despite Vee's desperate gasps. Dee then grasped Vee's pajama pants and began to slowly slide them off.

"Subjects," Kay's voice spoke suddenly. "You know you're not supposed to expose yourselves outside of the bathing room..."

Dee stood straight and held her arms out, glancing between all the cameras in the room. "Oh, come on, Professor! Let us have this bit of fun. I'm sure some of the clients wanna see it. Please?"

There was a long pause, and then... "I will allow it. Not for the clients, but I want to see this. Proceed."

Dee grinned and quickly returned to her task. Vee covered her face completely and began giggling uncontrollably as her cleanly-shaven lips were exposed to the open air. She was so completely slick, it looked like someone had dumped a gallon of lube down her pants. Even so, Tsu reached behind her and pulled out a bottle of actual lube that she had held in the waistband of the strap-on. She poured a good quarter of the bottle in her hand and rubbed it all over the toy until it shined in the dim light of the lounge.

It was time. Dee stepped back and sat on the opposite side of the couch, putting her legs up on the table and sliding her right hand into her own panties. If she was gonna watch this, she was gonna enjoy it.

Tsu stepped up to Vee and placed a hand on each of her knees. She spread her own legs so the strap-on was level with Vee's womanhood. Slowly and confidently, Tsu pried Vee's legs apart until she could reach the slick, reddened flower between them. Vee went breathless as Tsu slid inside of her, the abhorrent quantity of lube doing its job well. She only went in about two inches at first, then three, and after a minute she was pounding away at the redhead like a soldier who'd just returned home to his wife from 'Nam.

Vee moaned so loudly that it actually fuzzed the perfect audio of Kay's microphones for a moment, absolute pleasure clear in her tone. She wrapped her legs around Tsu's waist, pulling her in tightly. Tsu reached down and placed her hands on Vee's belly for balance, causing Vee to shriek in desperation as her now-hard bladder was compressed. Tsu ignored her and kept going at it, leaning forwards and burying her face in Vee's breasts. Three minutes into the session, Vee's body locked up. “I CAN'T HOLD IT!” she shouted. “IT'S TOO MUCH, I CAN'T...”

A few seconds later, Vee was good to her word. The camera angle switched to a position somewhere above Vee's head, and a thick torrent of pee could be seen spraying from the girl, splattering all over Tsu's front. Her pajama shirt was soaked through, rock-hard nipples revealed by the clinging fabric. Tsu simply increased her speed and power, pushing Vee hard against the couch as she lost complete control. She went limp as her bladder emptied itself all over Tsu, the couch, and her own body. While she was still peeing, she suddenly began to moan again, and her entire body shook. She thrusted her hips and her chest heaved, and she screamed in pleasure as she had an orgasm so intense and clear that Emma could almost feel it through the fabric of time and space.

Seeing that Vee was completely spent, Tsu tore off the strap-on and turned it on herself, collapsing onto the couch as Dee excitedly crawled over to help. While the two still-horny women had their fun, what little of Vee's pee made it to the floor began to sink in. Kay spoke moments later. “Three hundred and five milliliters, not that it counts... That couch took most of it. Going by duration and the thickness of your stream, I'd say that you were close to a liter. Not bad at all for a first-timer. Please though, next time you're full, make sure it gets on the floor. I want a proper count from you.”

Vee could barely open and close her mouth in confirmation, but Kay seemed to understand as she responded with a “Thank you, Subject,” before going quiet again.

Emma watched Tsu and Dee play with each other for a couple more minutes, her body and soul wanting nothing more than to be a part of that right now. She was so absorbed in the scene on the smartphone that the soft and gentle “Hello?” emanating from her right sounded like a thunderclap. She shrieked and tossed the phone half way across the room, causing the buds to tear violently from her ears and the battery to fall out.

Breathing heavily, Emma turned her head. The middle-eastern woman was awake, looking at her with her brows furrowed. “I apolgize if I scare you,” she said with a heavy accent. “I do not mean to...”

“It's fine,” Emma panted. “It's my fault for not paying attention to anything around me.” She took a deep breath. “I'm Emma. It's nice to meet you.”

The woman smiled, although it seemed forced. “I, er... I am?

“You've got it,” Emma encouraged her.

“I am Maisha,” she finished. “It is nice to meet you as well.”

*****

Author's Notes: I do apologize for taking so long to get this part out. I've had a lot going on, and I've also been busy writing one of my "real" novels. I've had an amazing time writing this story, and we are reaching the end of the main tale of Kay's wonderland. Yes, that means there will be spin-offs and short stories based in this universe once this thread comes to an end. The best is yet to come, and I look forward to writing it.

I will also say that I'm well aware of the unrealistic nature of Vee's experience. A woman's first time is almost always uncomfortable, if not downright painful and unpleasant. However, this is a fantasy world where women do not have to deal with such inconveniences.

There's also the matter of the "mini-chapter" that I've mentioned. I've scrapped that idea, and sort of combined it into this chapter. It was going to be Emma recovering and watching the videos, and I was going to write a lot more of them. However, I'll be putting those stories in their own, shorter threads in the future.

As always, thank you for reading, and all comments are greatly appreciated. I will, however, state that this thread WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED DEAD until I the words "The End" grace the bottom of the final chapter. There may be extended delays between chapters, but unless I straight-up actually DIE, this story absolutely will be finished. You have my word as an author.

- B.L.

*213*2017-10-28 16:23

{{2 hours ago, holdit247 said:

Haven't read Chapter 11 yet, but am eager to. I wanted to pick you up on your earlier comment that you've seen a woman pee 2,400ml. You can't leave us hanging like that! Please God man tell us in intimate detail the circumstances, why she held so much and why you got to see her measure. Was she into it or just massively endowed?

}}

Lol it wasn't in-person. She was a member on the old holdingit.minuteboard, username of Moonlight Magic. She just had a freak of nature bladder. Had a video where she did 2400, but it was only once. She always did 2000-2300 but that one time she just pushed it that much further.

*216*2017-10-31 01:43

{{24 minutes ago, Dexholder said:

OMG! Are any of her videos still possible to see or download anywhere?

}}

Not that I'm aware of. She sadly had a lot of mental health issues and would often say she's leaving the fetish forever and take all her videos with her. Then she'd show up two years later with a few new vids, then vanish again. This happened like six times over the past ten or so years.

All I could dig up are some pics of her bulge and her measurement.

She was definitely magic, and I really hope she's alright. The poor woman couldn't seem to find any peace.

*221*2017-12-31 00:01

Part Twelve-

“Are you okay?” Emma asked, looking over the bandages that were wrapped around Maisha's arms and torso.

“I am,” Maisha responded. “Now that I am here, anyway. Elise is taking very good care of me.”

“Brilliant,” Emma said with a smile. She looked up at the ceiling, uncertain of what she should say next. “Since I know your real name, it's only fair I tell you mine. I go by Emma here as you know, but my name is Megan.”

“I'm glad you're here. Not in the hospital room of course, just like...in general. I haven't had much contact with anyone other than Kay and the Doctor since I got here.”

Emma held her lips open slightly, again at a loss for polite words.

“Let me guess,” Maisha chuckled, quickly catching on to Emma's awkward silence. “Kay told you not to bother me or she'd do something horrible to you?”

Emma snorted a laugh through her nose, then yelped as a tiny spurt of pee leaked out of her and soaked into the sheets. She exhaled and nodded. “That's about it, yeah.”

Maisha sighed. “She has been so protective of me since I got here. I appreciate her kindness, I truly do, but I wish she would calm down just a bit. So tell me, Kay's request be damned, do you wish to know how I ended up like this?”

Emma grimaced but nodded again. “I'd be lying if I said I wasn't curious.”

“I've been stuck in here for three days with nobody but the doctor, and she is buried in paperwork the entire time. Then Kay comes in for a few minutes each day trying to mother me. Like I said, I am glad to have someone new to speak with.” Maisha took a deep breath and shut her eyes. “I am sure you can tell by the colour of my skin that I am Muslim. Or... I was. I had a husband. We were from Iran, originally, but for years now we've lived in New Jersey in a large Muslim community. My husband was very traditional. He was good to his faith for as long as I had known him. Me, not so much. I would wear a hijab, I would not speak to other men, I was perfect outside of our home. But at night, while he worked, I made money in my own way.”

“You were a cam girl,” Emma stated. “Just like the rest of us, right?”

Maisha nodded, her face growing slightly sad. “One night, about a week ago, my husband came home early. I never found out why. He opened the door to our room and found me naked, touching myself, in front of my laptop. He went insane. He tried to kill me. He beat me bloody with his briefcase, all while the laptop was still streaming. At the moment, I had no idea who or what she was, but Kay had been watching. The next afternoon, the door to our house was kicked in and five people, they looked like soldiers, they came in and they shot my husband with some sort of green rifles, they fired little... I do not know, like little balls?”

“Beanbag shotguns,” Emma muttered, her mind flashing back to a few hundred hours in S.W.A.T 4. “Non-lethal but they can knock people out and cause severe pain.”

“That was it then,” Maisha confirmed. “They fired at him many times. I knew he was not dead, he was screaming and there was no blood, but I was absolutely terrified. I could hardly move, I was so injured, and I could do nothing as they dragged me outside and into the back of a truck. That is when I met Kay, and Elise was there too. Kay explained everything as Elise treated my injuries. She bribed the guy who ran my cam site a few hundred thousand dollars to surrender my address, and then she sent the people who grabbed me. They were all women, Kay called them her 'security team,' seems more like a private army...”

Maisha breathed deeply and groaned, placing a hand over her bandaged stomach. “After the initial shock, I realized how thankful I was. What little faith I had... It left me all at once as I finally realized that my husband and every man like him are monsters. I wished that they had used real guns. I eventually calmed down, and we drove all the way back here. That is the whole story.”

Emma turned back to the ceiling. “And I thought Kay couldn't get any more impossible,” she muttered. “Who the fuck is she...”

“I have a feeling that her identity is a bit of an 'if I told you, I'd have to kill you' situation,” Maisha sighed.

Emma shook her head. “When I first came here, she gave me the opportunity to ask her three questions that she would have to answer truthfully. One of those three questions was about her identity. She said that she was a well-known woman and that if she answered it she would be putting this whole place at risk, but then said that she would answer if I requested it again. I decided to let it slide and picked a different question. I thought I might be able to work it out on my own if I spent enough time here. How many young women could there possibly be in the world with this kind of money? She's very white, her ancestry is probably European. Irish or Scottish possibly, with the red hair, though it could be dyed. Can't rule out Scandinavian or English either. No accent to help work it out.”

“You've thought about this a lot?” Maisha asked softly.

“Just every bloody moment that I'm not distracted by a very full bladder,” Emma giggled. “I've got nothing, though. I can't think of a single woman that would fit the bill. Anyone with that sort of dosh would be constantly in the public eye. Could never manage something like this in secret. I just don't know.”

“Maybe she's an art thief or a cybercriminal,” Maisha offered with a grin. “She could have just lied about being famous to throw you off the trail and get you to stop asking questions.”

Emma blinked. “Nutty as that is, it's more plausible than anything I've managed to come up with. Especially the cybercriminal one. With all the tech she has here...” Emma shook her head and sighed. “Thing is, the question I asked her after she shut down my first one resulted in a tale about her childhood. She said that she lived in a mansion and that her wealth was 'very old family money,' whatever the shite that might mean. I suppose it could have been a fib, but she seemed so passionate and nostalgic about it.”

“Maybe her great-great-grandparents ran a plantation and owned slaves,” Maisha said next.

This caught Emma very much off guard, and she cough-laughed into her hands and groaned as more pee dribbled out of her. “Oh shush, that's terrible,” she wheezed. “And quit making me laugh, I'm gonna wee myself...”

“Sounds unlikely, but it is a possibility,” Maisha muttered with a bit of a shrug. I researched U.S history pretty deeply when I was working to become a citizen, some of those families still have tens of millions left over from those awful times. Kay might have inherited the money and just sort of ran off with it. Saving me could be her way of making up for her family's history. I'm probably not the only one either, if she has a bunch of soldiers working for her.”

Emma's mind was swimming. “It's...not impossible. But still, someone with that kind of money goes missing, people hear about it. Nothing's a sure bet.”

“Seems that way,” Maisha said with a nod. “I kept waiting for her to take off the mask, but she wore it the entire drive over here, even when she slept. I'd think it would get itchy, what with all the feathers...”

Emma shook her head. “I've had mine on for pretty much four days straight. They're actually very comfortable. I'm not sure what they're made of but it doesn't get hot or itchy, and it stays on easily even when I'm being physical or sleeping. Swimming, too. She has a lot of- Oh, mmmffff...”

“What's the matter?” Maisha asked, turning her head as much as she could.

“I gotta pee,” Emma answered, bouncing her legs up and down in the hospital bed.

“How?” Maisha laughed. “You just went like fifteen minutes ago.”

“I know, but I drank like a gallon of water this morning and I'm all weak from when I wet myself earlier. Doctor said I'm supposed to hold it though, so that's what I'm gonna do.”

“So, everything here is all based around pee? Kay told me some stuff but I was too dazed to remember much.”

“Sort of,” Emma breathed. “Long story short, the women here are supposed to hold it in as long as we possibly can, pushing our bodies to the absolute limit. Sometimes we get challenges, or we're told to act out specific scenarios. It's exhausting, it's painful, it can even be dangerous as evidenced by my presence in a friggin hospital bed right now. But let me tell you... When my bladder is ready to erupt, I feel sensations that you can't even imagine. Every touch, every breath, is like a star exploding inside of my body. It feels transcendent.”

Maisha furrowed her brow, looking skeptical. “I've been desperate to go before. It's just really uncomfortable.”

Emma scoffed. “You think you've been desperate, but you haven't. When your bladder is so distended that you look pregnant, when you can't take a single step without leaking, when your heart is going a hundred beats a minute just from the effort of not peeing... That's when the fun begins. If you hang around here long enough, you'll find out.”

“And there are really enough people into this for Kay to turn a profit?”

Emma shrugged. “I think she's only selling to the extremely rich. You know, like those political pedophile rings that you always see in the news, except not horrific. Besides, it's not about the money. She does it for herself. This is her own fantasy world.”

“Then considering I've only ever seen women around here,” Maisha pondered, “I'm guessing Kay is gay?”

Emma just nodded intensely. “Quite likely the gayest person in the known universe. She's never said anything about it, but I'm pretty sure that she despises men as a whole. There was an incident a little while ago... The way she talks, if it were up to her, the world would definitely be an Amazonian society. Sperm grown in tanks so we can reproduce. Canyons full of male baby skeletons.”

“Ewww, stop it,” Maisha guffawed, reaching over with her least-bandaged arm to slap at Emma across the gap between their beds. Emma giggled and curled up as far as she could on the opposite side of her own bed.

“Oy,” the voice of Elise suddenly spoke up. She had returned from a door behind her desk with a clipboard in hand. “Calm down, the both of you. Plenty of time for that once you get out of here. Kay will be glad to see you've already made friends, though.”

“Glad you're back,” Emma called. “I've already gotta go...”

“That's fine, but like I said, please try to hold it in. We need to be sure that you can properly control your bladder before I send you back out there. Right now, I need to take a walk around the complex and speak with a couple of the other women. I'll be back in about half an hour. You should be okay until then?”

Emma slanted her lips and focused on the pressure in her belly. There were moments that it throbbed, but it really wasn't that bad. “Yeah, I'll be fine. See you soon.”

Elise nodded and glided out of the room.

The two of them were silent for a minute, then Emma spoke up again. “What about the rest of your family? Have you got parents, or siblings?”

“Sisters,” Maisha said with a nod. “Kay let me call them almost first thing, from a prepaid mobile pho-”

“Burner phone, Maisha,” Emma interrupted with a grin. “C'mon, be cool.”

“Fine,” Maisha snorted. “She let me call them on a burner phone with instructions on what to say. I just told them that I called the police on my husband after he attacked me, and they had to stun him because he tried to charge at them. They still live in Iran, and my husband does not even know their names, so this will never find its way to them, legally. I then told them that I was going to hide out for a few weeks. Kay has said that she will give me three million dollars, even if I do not wish to participate in her videos. I will use the money to free my sisters from their own husbands and move us far away from any Muslim community.” Maisha sighed and stretched her neck. “I am tired, Emma. You don't mind if I go back to sleep?”

“Of course not,” Emma said, waving her hand dismissively. “Recover fast so you can join in the fun.”

“I am...not sure if I will,” Maisha mumbled. “It seems so...weird.”

“That's understandable. The decision can be left for another time. Just rest now.”

Maisha nodded and closed her eyes, and Emma could hear her snoring softly just moments later.

*****

“Mmmffpph.”

“Owww.”

“Bloody hell...”

“Whazz goinon,” Maisha stammered as Emma's moaning shook her from a deep sleep.

“Oh, Maisha, I'm sorry, I really didn't mean to wake you. It's just... I can't fuckin' hold it anymore and Elise hasn't come back yet. It's been over a bloody hour!”

Maisha blinked and rubbed her eyes, sitting up as much as she could. She turned her head to Emma, grimacing as she saw the state of the slender redhead. Emma was curled up in her bed, her hands shoved between her thighs and her legs bouncing wildly. “I'm trying so hard not to leak but I'm so full. I didn't think I'd be able to hold this much so soon but my bladder already feels like a rock.”

Maisha laid there helplessly, clueless as to what she could do or say to help the desperate woman. And then something occurred to her. “Uh, radio,” she mumbled, still half asleep. “Behind Elise's desk, there's a button she presses to directly contact Kay. Go hit it and talk to her, maybe she can call the Doctor back.”

“Oh, thank you,” Emma sputtered, quickly sliding her legs off the bed and getting unsteadily to her feet. She moaned and squirmed in place, her face a painting of strain and pressure. She took one step and gasped, twisting her legs together. “I'm gonna leak, oh fuck, I can't keep it in!”

“You can do it,” Maisha called, uncertainty clear in her voice. “It's only a few steps.”

Emma nodded and began to walk, yelping with every movement. She was completely naked, and any leak would get all over the floor. She didn't want to cause more problems for Elise if she could help it. Drawing up what willpower she could, Emma stumbled behind the desk and sat in the Doctor's chair, double-crossing her legs. She stared around the desk, past the computer and a comically large stack of clipboards, and then she finally saw it. A small red button embedded in the backboard of the desk, next to a speaker. She reached out her left hand and pressed it. “Uh, hello? Kay, are you there?”

Silence for a moment, and then... “Megan? Is that you?”

Emma choked out a confirmation, flexing her legs even tighter. With no time to waste, she launched into a breathless rant. “Kay you've gotta help me Elise left me here with instructions to hold it in and said she'd only be half an hour but it's been over an hour and oh my god I'm so full I'm gonna wee myself please send hel-”

“MEGAN, CALM DOWN,” Kay interrupted loudly. “I get the gist of it, I'm sorry about that but she got tied up by another subject who sprained her ankle trying to do gymnastics with one and a half liters in her... I'll make sure she hurries back right now, but she's on the other side of the complex. Listen though, if you're truly that desperate, just pick up a bedpan and pee, or step outside the office and go on the absorption surface. I don't want you to strain yourself, I need you back in the field as soon as possible.”

“I understand,” Emma panted. “Thank you, Professor.”

Emma released the button and sat back, shaking her legs and wiggling her butt against the chair. “I don't know what I should do,” she said, looking over to Maisha. “I could just let it out in a bedpan, but if I can wait for Elise and she sees that I can still hold it properly, she might let me out.”

“It's up to you,” Maisha responded. “If you think you can wait without hurting yourself further, do it.”

Emma closed her eyes and nodded. “I can do it, I will do it. I won't let Kay down. I have to prove that I can be everything she wants me to be.”

“You really worship her, don't you?” Maisha asked.

Emma made a weird motion with her head, a kind of uncertain diagonal nod. “I...I still don't know exactly how I feel about her. She's so beautiful, but that's not important. She does some amazing things, as you well know... But she is just brutal to anyone that even slightly wrongs her. I don't know if she's nice or mean, eccentric or diabolical. All I do know is that I want nothing more than to please her. At first I thought that it was all about the money, subconsciously, but I don't even care about that anymore. I never want to leave here, I just want to be with her.”

“She sounds like Kilgrave,” Maisha muttered.

“Who?”

“Nevermind,” Maisha chuckled. “Too much Netflix, whenever my husband wasn't home and I wasn't camming.”

Emma shook her head cluelessly, returning her hands to their place against her throbbing privates. “Should probably move before I wet the Doctor's chair...” Emma stood up slowly and gasped again, bending over and clenching with her fingers. “Alright, I'm okay, I gotta focus. One of the first things I learned here is that folding up and holding myself doesn't actually help.” Emma closed her eyes once more and stood straight, moving her arms to her sides and uncrossing her legs. 

She walked normally back around the desk and stood in the middle of the room. “If you do stay here, you'll learn that the most important part of holding it is just...not peeing. There's no techniques, no tricky-tricks that can keep it in. Your body can last much longer than your mind can, you just have to learn to ignore the pain and all the signals your brain sends out to let go. People aren't supposed to do this, we're all hardwired to wet ourselves long before it gets to this point. When I think of how I lost control at twelve hundred milliliters on my first day, that much is clear. I've only been here a few days, I know that my bladder couldn't have physically grown so much so fast. It's all in my head.” Emma paused as she noticed the way Maisha was looking at her, a sort of skeptical glare. “Problem?”

“You're telling me that you can pee over a liter? Average capacity is half that,” Maisha stated.

If she were any less desperate, Emma would have burst out laughing. She suppressed that urge and just nodded enthusiastically. “Hell yeah. I did over two liters just earlier today, that's how I ended up in here.”

“Bullshit,” Maisha said dismissively. “Come on, tell me the truth. How much can you really pee?”

Emma smiled, seeing Maisha suddenly become interested. “I'm telling you, me and the other girls here can do this kind of thing. I'm currently the record holder, even if it was due to a bout of insanity. I don't think I'll ever match it again. Anyway, look here...” Emma walked over to Maisha, not showing even a little bit of the utter desperation that wracked her body. Maisha looked tentative as Emma approached and stood right next to her, but she did not protest. “Feel.”

Emma reached out and gently took the hand that Maisha used to slap at her earlier. She guided it to her belly and placed it on her massive bulging bladder.

Maisha squinted as she touched it, the taut skin stretched across the overfilled organ. Maisha moved her hand, feeling the size of it, the shape of Emma's bladder full to nearly its limit.

“It's...incredible,” Maisha exhaled. “In Iran, women could never pee outside of their homes. I often held it all day long, but it was never anything like this.”

“You could learn,” Emma said. “If you stay here, you'll feel things, magical things.”

Maisha was too fascinated with Emma's belly to respond. She continued to rub it, feeling all around to Emma's sides and almost down between her legs. Suddenly, she quickly withdrew her hand as though she had been shocked. “I am sorry, I should not touch you like that. Forgive me.”

Emma smiled widely and grasped Maisha's hand again. “Hey, don't worry about that here. I'd let you finger me on the spot if Kay hadn't told me to knock it off with other women for now. Please understand that you're completely free to explore any desires you've ever had here. I know how suppressed you must have been growing up, you did good to become comfortable enough to cam, but you never have to worry again. Everyone here just wants to have fun, you get it?”

Maisha nodded and flashed one of the purest smiles that Emma had ever seen. Tears formed in her eyes as she held Emma's hand tightly. “I am so happy to be here,” she cried. “I do want to stay, I want to do this. I want to meet everyone else and be myself for the first time ever.”

Emma just smiled along with her, placing her free hand gently on Maisha's left shoulder. “That is so good to-”

“I'M HERE!” a voice shouted from behind Emma, greatly startling her. Despite her immense clenching, she felt a tiny leak dribble out of her and snake down her right thigh. She spun around to see Elise stumbling through the door, breathing heavily. “I am SO sorry, Megan. Something unexpected came up, Kay probably told you- Just...get in bed, and you can pee really soon.”

Emma released Maisha's hand and walked back to her own bed, climbing in with a pained grunt. Elise set down her clipboard and a large first aid kit and began walking towards Emma. Where Elise had glided so smoothly from the room earlier, Emma noticed that she was now walking slower, more carefully. Her legs were held together and strain was visible on her face.

“Looks like you could use a wee as well,” Emma giggled.

Elise just sighed. “Yes, the first girl I visited was in a room with authentic set lighting, very hot, I drank a good bit once I got out of there. I'm fine though. Lay back.”

Emma did as instructed, leaning her head against the raised back of the hospital bed. “Kay told me that I could pee if I absolutely needed to, but I held it all in. I wanted to prove that I'm good to go back out there.”

Elise nodded and shuffled right next to Emma, pulling a pair of exam gloves on. “I'm impressed. I've had girls wet themselves in here in half the time I've been gone. Either way, I need to be sure that you have full control before I'll let you go. I'm going to try to make you pee. Do whatever you can to hold it.”

Emma nodded and braced herself as Elise placed a hand right on Emma's greatly distended bladder. She began pushing in and Emma whined softly, clenching her fists and pushing her kegels to their limit. After a moment, Elise slid her hand between Emma's legs and spread her labia with two fingers and began rubbing at Emma's clit with her other hand.

“This...this doesn't seem like standard medical procedure,” Emma giggled breathily, her face turning red. “Not that I mind, but Kay said I'm not supposed to have any sexual contact...”

“She'd sign off on this,” Elise murmured. “I'm just simulating stuff other subjects might do to you, to make sure you can properly perform your duties here without losing control. I might have a medical license, but there's no denying that many special circumstances are created in this nuthouse. Also, unlike most women here, I'm completely straight. Trust me, I take no pleasure in this.”

“Well, I do,” Emma sighed, trying not to become too flustered. Elise's actions were certainly making it harder to hold it, and it became far more difficult as Emma felt a finger slide inside of her and begin tickling her g-spot. “You're...you're gonna make me cum before you make me pee,” Emma moaned through the lip that she was biting. “Believe me, I can hold it.”

Elise nodded and withdrew her hand. “Close your eyes, and don't open them for anything.”

Emma did as she was told. Nothing happened for what felt like about two minutes. Just as she started growing truly confused, and without the slightest bit of warning, an absolutely massive weight was suddenly slammed down right on top of her bladder. Emma shrieked and folded up in a fetal position, her body wrapping around something hard and round. She opened her eyes and moaned as she saw the huge medicine ball that Elise had just dropped on her. She threw it off to the side and fell back, breathing heavily and moaning with each exhale.

“Only a small spurt with the initial impact, no getting around that,” Elise said in a dull monotone. “Well, in my eyes, you're basically as good as new. Astounding recovery, honestly. You really are a special one.”

Emma grinned and sat up. “That mean I'm allowed to get back out there?”

“Pretty much – But it's already late in the day. I'm gonna say no more holding until tomorrow, just to be safe, so you can pee whenever you like tonight. I know that Kay has something planned for you, so I'm sure she'll contact you at some point. Anyway, if you look to Maisha's right, you'll see two doors. One on the left's a restroom, one on the right is a shower. Go relieve yourself and get cleaned up. I'm going to get back to the woman that injured herself. When you're done showering, you can either sleep here or return to your room. Just don't let your bladder fill up again until tomorrow, I'm sure you'll need to be at your best.”

Emma nodded. “Yeah, I expect nothing less. You should wee too though, before you go back out there. I won't even try to peek,” Emma finished, holding her hands up innocently.

Elise flexed her lips. “I'm fine, I gotta run. Go shower and pee, I'll be back later tonight. Someone should be in at some point with food for you and Maisha, dunno who Kay will send. Eat and then try to rest.”

Emma thanked the Doctor as she turned and left the room with her legs stiff. “She may act a bit above it all,” Emma started with a smirk, “but there's a part of her that's still into it. No reason she couldn't have a quick pee right now, it's not as though the other girl got shot.”

“Could just have a strong sense of duty,” Maisha suggested.

“Suppose so,” Emma shrugged. “Well, I guess I should do what she told me...” She sat up again and shivered, the immense pressure in her bladder making it difficult to move. “The idea of peeing on purpose seems so weird after all this.”

“I'm sure you'll make up for it tomorrow,” Maisha said.

“Indeed.” Emma stood and began walking towards the showers. She took small steps, pausing every couple seconds to wiggle her hips. “Oh man, I really gotta go...” She finally made it to the bathroom door and reached out with her right hand, then stopped. “Maisha, you seem interested, so I guess I'll ask... Would you like to watch?”

Even with her dark skin, Emma could see Maisha blush. “I- I don't- It wouldn't be-”

“Just say yes or no, it's an easy question.”

“Yeah,” Maisha whispered. “If you're really okay with it.”

“Of course I am. Kay will be really happy that you're getting into it as well.” At that, Emma withdrew her hand and walked to the other door, pulling it open. She stepped into the room, a large shower almost identical to the one in her bathing room. She turned to Maisha, a smile held across her otherwise tense face. “You ready?”

Maisha nodded tentatively, leaning to her right for a better view.

Emma positioned herself over the shower's drain, opening her legs wide and arching her back. She slid her right hand between her legs and spread her neat labia with two fingers...and then she relaxed.

The moment she released her kegels, her pee began flowing from her. Gently at first, just a small stream that fell right into the drain. Over time however, her stream grew into a powerful spray that splattered across the shower floor. Emma closed her eyes and leaned back further, moaning in relief as her bladder began deflating. Her crystal clear pee splashed back onto her legs and pooled around her feet, the small drain struggling to swallow all of it. She went on and on, moaning constantly and thrusting her hips. “I...I feel like I'm gonna cum without even touching myself,” Emma panted. “It just feels so good...”

Maisha did not respond. She was completely transfixed on the sight in front of her. Emma loved the sight of Maisha's wide eyes. She really was beautiful, and it only just occurred to Emma that she'd never seen a middle-eastern woman naked before. She'd never had reason to try, having only recently discovered just how gay she was capable of being. Maisha's body was magical. Her breasts were slightly larger than Emma's and she had smooth wide hips that Emma could only dream of, as well as a completely flat belly that Emma knew would beautifully display a bulging bladder.

“You are gorgeous,” Emma blurted out.

Maisha covered her face with her hands. “Stop that, I'm already embarrassed enough,” she complained.

“You're one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen,” Emma asserted. “I mean it, you are just amazing.”

Maisha sighed and dropped her arms. “You are very beautiful yourself,” she responded. “I can't believe you're still going...”

Emma grinned and looked down at the thick stream that still flowed out of her. “I don't think I'm even half way done,” Emma said. She placed her free hand on her belly and pushed in, giggling as her stream sprayed out even harder. “Ugh I feel like I'm gonna collapse, my legs are all wobbly.” Emma leaned against the wall and slid onto her butt, the warm puddle of pee still failing to fully drain. Her flow was shooting straight forwards now, only the rim of the shower preventing her from soaking the floor of the Doctor's office. She crossed her legs and smiled as her pee was redirected up onto her stomach, warming her further.

“Hey, I can't see,” Maisha complained.

“Ah, sorry about that,” Emma laughed, spreading her legs wide again. She continued to relieve herself in the shower for another thirty seconds, and with a final push, she released a strong spurt that very nearly shot over the shower's rim. Once she was finished, she just laid there, eyes locked with Maisha.

“So...what did you think?” Emma asked, as though she were asking a teacher's opinion on an essay that she had recently turned in.

“I just can't believe that anyone can keep that much pee inside of them,” she said in a stunned voice.

“I could have held more, if I tried hard enough and if I was in perfect condition. I have had a long day though. You'll see me at my best soon enough. Maybe I'll have Kay show you a video of the wee that got me put in here.”

“I... I think I'd like that,” Maisha muttered.

Emma grinned as she got unsteadily to her feet, being careful not to slip in her pee. “Shower time.” Emma reached out to the electronic panel, now familiar with their operation. She set it to the perfect temperature and exhaled as she was enveloped by the warm water. She never bothered to close the door, and Maisha watched intently as Emma took a very long shower. Every sort of toiletry and accessory she could ever need were lined up in fancy racks along the wall, just above head level, and she washed her hair and shaved her legs, then Emma lathered up her whole body with a shower gel that she was certain cost more than a month's water bill. A few minutes later, Emma shut off the water. The moment she did so, a tile in the wall flipped open and a rolled towel slid out onto it. “Yeesh, I haven't got that in my room.” She took the towel and moaned as she felt how warm it was. She wrapped it around her chest and stepped out of the shower feeling like a new woman.

The moment she did so, the door to the room opened and a massive cart was forced through it, followed by a breathless Tsu. “Sorry I took so long,” she panted. “I wasn't familiar with Maisha's dish, but I did it! Kay ordered it especially for you.” She pushed the cart between the two beds as Emma climbed in, smelling an unusual but wonderful scent wafting from it. Tsu pushed open the cart's lid, revealing two shining trays that could have easily been solid gold, knowing Kay. Tsu grabbed one of the trays and handed it to Emma. “For you, four strips of lobster tempura with eel sauce, and for sides, two pieces of Ikura, two pieces of Uni, and six pieces of white tuna sashimi. I know we just had sushi, but I still had these ingredients fresh and did not want them to go to waste. I hope you're okay with this.”

Emma enthusiastically grabbed the tray. “Of course, can never get enough of it.”

Tsu smiled and nodded as she handed Emma chopsticks and a small cup of soy sauce and wasabi, then turned to Maisha. “For you, I have a main dish of lamb Kebab-e Barg, and a side of Sabzi Khordan with Nan.”

Maisha reached for the plate, but Emma noticed that the smile on her face was simply polite rather than excited. “Thank you,” she said softly.

“Not a problem, it was pretty fun cooking something so different. I have some drinks too, water, soda, beer, wine... watcha want?”

“I'll have a beer,” Emma said. Tsu nodded and handed her a bottle with a label that was completely in German, then looked to Maisha. “Beer for you too?”

Maisha cocked her head. “I have never had alcohol, I was never permitted...”

Tsu held out another bottle with a smirk. “Wanna try?”

Emma looked on curiously as Maisha slowly reached out and took the bottle. Tsu clapped her hands and reached back into her cart and withdrew a bottle opener, handing it to Emma. “Alright girls, enjoy the food and have a good night!” Tsu bowed slightly, then pushed her cart out of the room.

Emma immediately grabbed her chopsticks and reached for a piece of the Ikura, but paused as she saw Maisha sadly staring at her tray. “You alright?” Emma asked.

“I guess,” Maisha sighed. “It's just that this is the sort of food I had every night at home. I know that Kay's heart is in the right place, but it is just bad memories.”

Emma frowned, then brightened right up as a thought occurred to her. “You ever try sushi? I'd be glad to trade!”

Maisha side-eyed the tray that Emma held. “I haven't tried much seafood in my life. What exactly is it?”

“Well these sticks are lobster tempura, basically just means lobster fried in panko breadcrumbs. Then this here is the ikura, that's salmon eggs, insanely good. Then these beige ones are Uni, sea urchin. They have a sort of nutty flavor but it's bloody brilliant. Then these slices are just raw...white...tuna...” Emma trailed off as she saw the look on Maisha's face, as if a strange man had just flashed her on the street. “Hey, I know it sounds really weird, but it's soooo good.”

“Well,” Maisha conceded, “I'd rather starve than eat this tonight, so let's do it.”

Emma stood and switched the trays out, taking a moment to crack Maisha's beer as well. Maisha was scootched all the way to the right of her bed from where she had been watching Emma pee, and with not much chance of Elise returning soon, Emma took the opportunity to sit beside Maisha on the free half of the bed. Maisha smiled and settled back down, looking over her new tray.

And so the two new friends ate together. It took Maisha quite a while to get past the tempura, but once she finally tried the more interesting sides, she quickly fell in love with them. She spent a good fifteen minutes ranting on about the different flavors and textures while Emma just quietly enjoyed her own food. She'd eaten similar before, and it wasn't her favorite stuff, but she certainly liked it well enough. Eventually the two women were full and satisfied, and Maisha turned to her beer. “I guess it's time to try this...”

“CHUG! CHUG! CHUG!” Emma teased.

Maisha just tilted her head with a sarcastic look on her face before she lifted her bottle and took a small sip. “Hmm,” she sounded. “I was expecting it to be way stronger than this, but damn it's good.”

“It's only beer,” Emma laughed. “Try vodka or scotch, then talk about how strong something is...”

“Maybe someday,” Maisha mumbled through another sip. They both finished the beers over the next few minutes, and Emma yawned as soon as she set her empty bottle down.

“Mmm, I'm tired,” Emma breathed. “I wanna fall asleep right here but I don't think the Doctor would be too happy about it.”

“Ha, no she would not,” Maisha snorted. “Get back in your own bed, you hopeless lesbian.”

Her bladder empty, Emma finally let herself erupt into laughter. She didn't know if it was the beer or just her general level of happiness, but that was the funniest thing she'd ever heard. She nearly fell over trying to climb out of Maisha's bed and she was still laughing as she fell into her own. Maisha began laughing with her, and it took a while for them to calm down. Finally, as the last of the giggles wore off, Emma turned to Maisha.

“I am really glad to have met you. I know we're going to become amazing friends here. I'm sorry that I have to leave you tomorrow.”

“It's fine,” Maisha said. “I'll be out soon too and I really look forward to it. Now I am tired as well. Hopefully I'll see you in the morning, before you go.”

Emma nodded. “I'll be sure to say bye. Goodnight, Maisha.”

“Goodnight, Emma.”

*****

“Emma...”

“Emma?”

“MEGAN!”

“Ahwuhd issit?!” Emma sputtered, shaking herself awake. She had completely forgotten where she was for a moment, and it took her a few seconds to recognize Maisha leaning over her. As her eyes cleared, Emma glance to the digital clock that hung over Elise's desk. It read 6:03 AM.

“I'm sorry, I waited as long as I could,” Maisha whispered, almost directly on Emma's neck. “I woke up two hours ago completely desperate to pee.”

This was more than enough to get Emma's full attention. The redhead sat up quickly and looked over Maisha. She was on her feet, her thighs squeezing together and her whole body shivering. “I went and sat on the toilet, but I could not do it, not after what you did last night. I went to the fridge behind Elise's desk and drank two bottles of water and I just waited and waited, hoping you'd wake up, but I don't think I can hold it anymore...I know you would want to see me do it...”

Emma got to her feet, her mind completely awake now. She reached out and held the injured woman by her shoulders. “Maisha, are you sure you should be standing? Are you really okay?”

“I'm fine,” Maisha yelped, shaking Emma off of her. “Megan, you were right, this is...indescribable. It's...it's like my whole body is melting. The pressure between my legs is so strong that the pain from my injuries has completely faded away. I know I'm gonna pee any second, but I don't want this to end!”

“That's why we hold it in,” Emma said. “The longer you hold it, the better it feels. Are you gonna go in the shower, or are you gonna try to hold it for as long as you can?”

Maisha blinked. “I... I dunno, I figured I'd just pee for you like you did for me. But I guess I could try to keep holding it. Do you want me to keep holding it?”

Emma frowned slightly. Of course she wanted Maisha to keep holding it, but she knew the woman was injured and inexperienced. She knew it would be unethical to request such a thing. “I can't ask that of you,” Emma finally said. “You just need to do whatever you're comfortable with.”

“I'mgonnaholdit,” Maisha blurted out all at once. “You'll help me, right?”

Emma couldn't hide the stupid grin on her face if her life depended on it. “Of course I will. Just remember, I can't do anything with you. If Kay found out, she'd... Well, I honestly don't know, but I have no plans to find out.”

“Feel my bladder,” Maisha commanded, seemingly oblivious to what Emma had just said.

Emma sighed and reached out, placing her right hand on Maisha's belly. It wasn't solid...but it certainly wasn't soft either. Emma could feel Maisha's round bladder through the bandages, and it was clearly full and expanding. Emma pressed in lightly, causing Maisha to cry out and lurch backwards. Emma noticed that she was not holding herself or crossing her legs. She was obviously trying to follow Emma's advice from the previous night. “You feel pretty full,” Emma whispered. “You can still hold more though. How about another drink?”

Emma turned away from Maisha and walked behind the desk, spotting the mini-fridge that Maisha had mentioned. It contained mostly bottles of water, although there were also various snacks. Emma took one of the bottles and closed the fridge, quickly returning to Maisha. She took the water and chugged it down with absurd speed, setting the bottle on her bed. She then began performing a little dance, still trying hard not to hold herself or cross her legs.

“I wonder how long I'll be able to hold it,” she pondered aloud. “Elise always comes in at almost exactly seven, so we have a little less than an hour. If I haven't lost control by six fifty, I'll have to do it in the toilet or shower...”

“I'll squeeze it out of you before then,” Emma threatened, playfully reaching towards Maisha's belly again. She whined and stepped back, grabbing Emma's hand. They stood like that for almost a full minute, Maisha shaking and moaning... And then the woman suddenly stepped forwards and leaned towards Emma's face, her lips held slightly open.

Emma gasped and stepped back, crossing her hands over her chest. “Maisha, no. I want to, I really do, but Kay said I can't do anything...”

“Please, Megan,” Maisha begged, her hips rocking and her chest heaving. “I've never had any friendly sexual experience. I've wanted this for so many years. I just never thought it would be with another girl, but with how I feel right now, I'll go crazy if I don't get off. Kay feels for me, she'll forgive you.” Maisha stepped in again, grasping Emma's arms and pushing her exposed breasts against Emma's own.

“It's...not only about Kay,” Emma breathed, directly against Maisha's lips. “She's been planning a night with me since before I even got here, and I know that it's going to be unlike anything I've ever experienced. I want to be completely ready, I want to need her, I want to be absolutely desperate for her touch.”

Maisha just whined, leaning against Emma. The woman's skin was very warm, her body strained to its limit from the effort of containing her pee. “Alright...”

“That said,” Emma continued softly, “I don't see any reason that I can't help out another girl, as long as I don't get off myself...”

Maisha yelped as Emma stepped into her, pushing her back towards her bed. Maisha's butt pressed against the edge and she rolled back onto it, and before she could get another word out, Emma buried her face between Maisha's legs.

Maisha screamed out loud, some part of her reasonable mind hoping that Elise was out of earshot, wherever it was that she slept. She wrapped her legs around Emma's head and pulled her in harder, gripping the sides of her bed with all of her strength.

Emma wrapped her arms around Maisha's thighs, letting her tongue slide up and down the woman's vulva. Every slight flick of her tongue made Maisha squeeze harder and shake more powerfully, and her voice was loud enough that Emma was thankful for the thighs that were pressed over her ears. Maisha's privates were burning hot and completely slick with sex, and grew even more so as Emma's tongue found its way to Maisha's clit. Emma could barely stay standing with how Maisha was thrashing.

Only her grip on Maisha's powerful legs was keeping her in place. She circled Maisha's clit with her tongue, and she felt herself growing very wet and excited. She ignored the powerful sensations and focused completely on the task at hand. She slowly released one of Maisha's legs and slid her left middle finger into Maisha, finding her g-spot quickly and rubbing it hard. Maisha kicked out like a mule, moaning incoherently, her whole body bouncing around on the bed now. This went on for a little longer than a minute when Emma felt something hot and wet spray hard against her chin. Emma ignored it and moved her hand faster, rotating her finger around the rough patch that was any woman's most pleasurable locale.

It didn't even take one more minute – Without warning, Maisha tensed up so hard that Emma couldn't even breathe. Her legs then kicked out to the sides and Emma fell free, leaning back to watch Maisha's movements. She thrust her hips in the air, absolute pleasure clear in her voice. She bucked and curled up, then spread out again, and finally a great spurt of white liquid flew from between her legs, splattered across the floor, and then Maisha went limp.

She began muttering a bunch of nonsense, seemingly near to unconsciousness. Emma had no idea what she was on about at first, but it became clear as a small stream of yellow liquid began dribbling down Maisha's thighs. Emma stood up quickly, ignoring the pulsing, begging calls from her own womanhood. “Come on, you can keep holding it,” Emma encouraged, ethics be damned. “There's still more than half an hour.”

Maisha shook her head, covering her face with her hands again. “It's happening...I can't control it,” she said, her voice properly audible now. “Get...get a bedpan, I wanna see how much it is...”

Emma obliged without further argument, seeing small drops still falling onto the floor. She grabbed a bedpan from the top of the stack on Elise's desk and jogged back to Maisha, quickly putting it into position.

Maisha moaned and spread her legs, scrunching up her face. She continued to leak, but nothing more than that. “I can't let it go,” she groaned. “I'm trying to relax, but I'm just so tense...”

Emma did the only thing she could, placing her free hand on Maisha's belly and pushing in hard. Maisha screamed out loud again as her hard bladder was compressed, Emma squeezing in with her fingers as well. It took less than a second for Maisha's stream to explode out of her, splattering into the bedpan and creating a sort of whirlpool that swirled around the light pink basin. Now that she was peeing freely, Maisha fell limp once more and let the relief take her.

The sound of Maisha's pee and the sight of it flowing out of her at such close range was driving Emma up the wall. She needed to cum, and she squirmed in discomfort as she tried not to do so right there. It was truly painful, being so close to release but being so determined to withhold it. Maisha kept peeing for longer than Emma would have predicted, about forty seconds total. Once her stream slowed, she finished soon after.

The two of them just stayed where they were for a minute, Maisha regaining her strength and Emma trying to cool down before she came on the floor. Eventually Emma stood up and looked at the quantity of pee that Maisha had released. “Not surprised to see measuring lines in these,” Emma stated. “Looks like just about seven hundred and fifty milliliters.”

Maisha placed a hand over her mouth and moaned in despair. “That's IT?”

Emma gently placed a hand on Maisha's shoulder. “It's alright. Like you said, the average bladder capacity is about five hundred. You did good for your first time. You'll get so much better at holding the longer you stay here.”

“I can't imagine what it could feel like,” she breathed. “If there was only seven hundred in me, and it felt THAT intense, what would a liter feel like, let alone one and a half or two? It can't be possible...”

“It is, though,” Emma said. “Your body is so much stronger than you think it is. It's like the Matrix – Once you accept that these things are possible, you can surpass any limit you ever thought you had. You'll see when-”

“When you're fully recovered, and I actually give you permission to hold to your true limit.”

Emma recognized the voice before it finished even the word “When.” Emma did not panic, or jump, or try to explain herself. She just knew that she was fucked, and she accepted her fate like a woman. She set down the bedpan and turned to face the door, where Kay stood, hands on her hips, dressed in nothing but light purple pajama shorts and a matching sports bra. And, of course, her flame-colored, feathered mask. “Oh, Emma. That was quite the show, but you had one job..."

*****

Author's Notes: As always, I apologize for taking so long with this chapter. I could list a bunch of excuses, but I'll shorten them to "Shit's been nuts, yo." I do hope that you all like Maisha, because she is going to be around for a long time. Not in this thread, as it is coming to an end within the next few chapters, but eventually. I do plan to write the next chapter pretty quickly, as I've been excited to write it for a very long time. It's gonna be crazy good, as well as just crazy. I hope you all enjoy this story, and don't forget to let me know how you like it. Any theories as to who Kay might be? Any suggestions for the inevitable spinoffs? Your comments feed my shameless narcissism.

Just kidding. Thank you, everyone. Your kind words HAVE pushed me to finish this very long story. Just you wait.

- B.L.

*226*2018-01-02 04:56

{{5 hours ago, randomkath said:

Not gonna lie, some of Maisha's backstory hits far too close to home for comfort.

}}

I'm truly sorry about whatever you've had to deal with in the past. I've always been a loud and proud advocate for women's rights, feminism, and freedom from religion. As such, I've met many women with similar or worse backgrounds than Maisha through various events and forums. If you ever need someone to talk to, I'm here. Not as a random on a pornographic forum, not as a useless dickpic-slinging letch, but as a friend who will never say anything to make you uncomfortable.

On a lighter topic...

{{5 hours ago, randomkath said:

I'll just skip ahead to the holding and the sex in future reads, if you don't mind.

}}

No need to worry about that. I can promise now that the rest of this story will feature no more "heavy" topics. We're getting to the endgame now.

{{5 hours ago, randomkath said:

I'd normally argue that Meghan being so amazing at pleasuring other women, despite the fact that she doesn't have any previous experience before cum coming to the dungeon, messes with suspension of disbelief.

}}

I have a whole lot of lesbian friends that I've met at the previously-mentioned events and from my discussions with them, I've gleaned that women usually just sort of naturally know what to do to other women because it's just what they would want done to themselves. Have I been misinformed? If so, please enlighten me, I'm always looking to improve the realism of my character's sexual encounters.

