Desperation Dungeon - A Multi-Part Story of Extreme Desperation - Page 7

Author: Bulge_Lover

*150*2017-06-26 05:21

{{10 hours ago, randomkath said:

The anticipation is killing me...

}}

Shouldn't be long, I'm working on it now and I have a lot of free time on weekdays.

Side note: Are there any decent artists here who are into this story? If you're interested in illustrating a couple of images let me know. It's not crucial to the story or anything as I could easily write around it, but it would just sort of enhance the next chapter a little bit. Note that I'm talking about realistic drawings, not manga-style. PM me if you want more info.

*157*2017-06-26 15:50

{{55 minutes ago, AkenoSama said:

Bulge, I think you should be more "Flexible" with your taste for drawings, I do not know if there are many free artists and if they meet your requirements lol

Try to talk to some community artists, they are good people

}}

It's not any sort of big deal, I'm just askin around. The thing is manga-style wouldn't fit the context that they would be used in the story.

*158*2017-07-20 03:58

Part Nine-

Emma nearly knocked down the door to the classroom scene, eager to find the clue. As she regained her balance, she noticed that even with Kay's aid the night before, she did already feel a slight need to pee. She wasn't desperate by any means, but all the water and liquor from last night had not fully reached her bladder by the time Kay came to help. Ignoring the dull sensation, she had a look around. The first thing she noticed was that each of the desks now had a large book placed directly in the center. Emma approached one of these books and picked it up. She quickly noted that it was far lighter than a book of this size should be. On the outside, it appeared to be a volume of an encyclopedia, marked with the letter 'L'.

Emma shrugged and pulled the book open, furrowing her brow as she realized that the book was not a book at all, but rather a tablet embedded in a plastic frame disguised as a book. Smiling in amusement and curiosity, Emma pressed the button below the screen and swiped to unlock. As soon as she did so, a video began playing. Intricate letters formed on the screen, spelling out the words: “DESPERATION DUNGEON: HIGHLIGHT SERIES - VOLUME TWELVE – STARRING ELLIE.”

The screen faded to black and opened up on the compound's pool. The camera was positioned directly over the pool, moving on its own and following a slender woman with jet-black hair and a red masquerade mask. She was wearing a hot pink bikini and she was doing a messy backstroke across the water. The way the camera followed her, Emma could only guess that it was a drone. It kept up with her and fell lower, hovering very close to the water. As the woman struggled to swim, Emma could see her round bladder protruding over the waist of her bikini bottom. Ellie moaned and gasped with every movement, her mouth held open as she continued to swim.

“Please, Professor,” she suddenly cried, extreme desperation obvious in her voice. “I can't hold it...I just can't...let me out so I can at least pee on the floor so it can be measured...please...”

“You have another ten laps, subject,” Kay's voice spoke sternly. “If you lose control in the pool, it will be your own fault that you are not rewarded.”

“I drank almost four liters,” Ellie whined. “I've never been this full before...I just can't make it! You have to let me out, PLEASE, PROFESSOR!”

“Begging isn't going to make you swim faster,” Kay stated mercilessly.

Emma watched, hypnotized, as Ellie kept swimming. With each lap she knotted up more and more, and by the tenth and final lap she had her legs double-crossed and her right hand shoved between them. She was dragging herself through the water with her left hand alone, gasping for breath as she approached the stairs. With what appeared to be her last bit of strength, she grasped the metal rail and hauled herself out of the pool, collapsing on her front with a loud scream.

Less than a second later, a tsunami of pee exploded through the crotch of her bikini bottom, spraying almost a meter across the tile floor even through the thick lycra. Ellie moaned in relief and pleasure, pressing her face into her hands and breathing heavily. Emma was astonished at the quantity that flowed out of the small woman, a constant torrent that spread close to a dozen feet around her. Almost two minutes later, the stream slowed and stopped as Ellie kept moaning into her hands. She lay there for another few moments before the huge puddle sank into the floor. Kay spoke after another minute.

“One thousand, eight hundred and thirty four milliliters,” Kay gasped. “Congratulations, Ellie, that is a new record by about seventy milliliters!”

Ellie released an excited moan, limply holding out her hand in a thumbs up.

Emma exhaled slowly and closed the 'book.' As amazing as that was, I don't have time to watch all of these. There has to be something I'm missing. She set down the book and gazed around the room. Soon enough, she spotted it. A short bookshelf, home to a full encyclopedia – Missing one volume. Emma jogged over to it and squatted down. The letter M was missing. Megan...Emma...of course. Emma stood and walked around the desks, looking for the one marked M, when she spotted the letter K. Kay is K, obviously. But there's no way... Still, curiosity got the better of her. Emma reached out and took the book marked K, opening it quickly. Exactly like the first, it had a tablet hidden inside. Hands shaking, Emma turned the screen on and swiped to unlock it.

“NICE TRY, SUBJECT. YOU HAVE TO WORK A LOT HARDER THAN THIS IF YOU WANT TO SEE ME AT MY LIMIT.” The screen went black.

Emma sighed and dropped the book back on the desk. Of course. She then made a beeline for the book two desks over, seeing the large M. She pulled it open and turned it on. “UNTITLED EMMA VIDEO #1,” it said. It was her, the first day here, doing yoga while she struggled to hold it. It was too weird, watching herself desperate like this. She closed the book and ran back to the encyclopedia case, stuffing the book into the slot.

Just like in any old spy movie, the bookcase slid into the ground, revealing a compartment cut into the wall behind it. Inside was the promised bottle of water and a single large, black hiking boot. Emma blinked at it, her mouth slanted. It was about the last thing she would have expected. Shrugging, she grabbed the boot and untied the laces, then slid her foot into it. It fit her perfectly. Still, it was only one boot, so she slid it off and set it back in the compartment for now and took the bottle of water. She opened it and drank quickly, tossing the empty bottle.

She looked back inside the compartment, and saw that there was nothing else in there, despite Kay explaining that there would be a clue with each item found. Kay's minions wouldn't just forget something like that, she's too meticulous. The video itself must have been the clue. The gym... Emma grasped the boot again and turned towards the door, then stopped. She looked over the books that still lay on all the tables. There are probably videos of every woman who's ever been here. I want to see them, but I don't have time now...

Emma frowned but left the video-books behind. I'm sure Kay would let me watch any video I want if I asked. I need to move on.

Emma jogged out of the room, passing the gym to place the boot on the coffee table in the living room. She quickly returned to the gym and opened the door, expecting to see something unusual. However, it remained exactly as it was the last time she was there. She walked around the gym, looking under equipment for anything that seemed out of place, but there was nothing special at all. The video was me doing yoga... Emma went for the yoga mat that she had used on her first day. Bending down, she grasped the edges and pulled hard, sliding the heavy mat across the floor. Dropping it with a grunt, Emma stood up and looked at the floor. Of course it's a trap door. There was a square, metal hatch cut into the floor where the mat was, a handle embedded in it.

With no time to lose, Emma walked over the mat and grasped the handle. The hatch was very heavy, and even though she only just had one bottle, her bladder throbbed slightly as she struggled to lift it. I wonder how much is still in there from last night. Feels like maybe half a liter? I'm fine. Emma exhaled as she managed to lift the hatch straight. Held onto the metal with a large magnet was a pair of camouflage pants, a black belt hanging from the loops. Emma blinked at the garment. What's Kay getting at with this stuff?

Emma reached out and grabbed a leg. She could feel the quality of it, thick cotton, expertly stitched, with numerous pockets all over the hips and legs. Emma shrugged and pulled the magnet off, letting the pants fall from the hatch. She immediately noticed that there was something heavy in one of the pockets. She felt around until she found it – The bottle of water. Once again she opened and chugged it quickly, and then she looked back to the hatch. Hidden behind the pants was a message, written on the hatch itself. It read “LOVE AND WAR.” Emma shrugged but kept the message in her head as she stepped back and looked over the pants. Not wanting to waste more time bringing them to the living room, she unbuttoned the pants and pulled them on, over the pajama shorts. Just like the boot, they were her exact size and fit her perfectly. She zipped, buttoned, and buckled the belt.

Eager to continue the hunt, she descended the stairs. She squinted and covered her eyes as she reached the bottom and stepped into a very well-lit hallway. After she let her eyes adjust for a minute, she wandered further in and her mouth fell open as she took in her surroundings. The hallway looked like a small museum wing, the walls lined with pedestals, each one home to a small statue. She approached one. It depicted a muscular man in a long, flowing robe, his left hand held out in an open grasp and his right raised above his head, a lightning bolt held in his fist. “Zeus, King of the Gods,” Emma whispered. The statue was small but beautifully detailed.

Moving onto the next, it was of a man with his legs hidden under stone water, a trident grasped in both hands and held above his head. “And this has to be Poseidon.” As much as Emma appreciated the art of it, she still knew that she had to hurry. She jogged to the end of the room where there sat two empty pedestals, a round slot embedded in each of them. Above the pedestals was a large painting of a mountain, a massive temple sitting atop it. Love and War, Emma thought as she turned back around and walked past each of the statues. Finally her eyes settled on a man clad in heavy armor, a shortsword grasped in his left hand and a long spear held over his shoulder with his right.

“Hello, Ares,” she mumbled. She grabbed the statue and lifted. It was small but heavy, and as she lugged it towards the pedestal, her bladder complained legitimately for the first time. She ignored it again and finished carrying the statue, placing it on the pedestal on the right and jamming it into the circular groove. She heard a click and a chime. Guess that means I got it. She turned and wandered the hallway again until she found a statue of a slender and beautiful woman. She was standing with her legs apart and leaning slightly forwards, one hand placed sensually on her inner thigh and her breasts thrust out proudly.

Emma lifted the statue of Aphrodite, Goddess of Love, and began carrying her to the remaining pedestal. Due to her petite body, Aphrodite was luckily far lighter than the statue of Ares had been, and Emma quickly reached her destination and placed the statue in the groove. Again there was a click and a chime, and the large painting of Olympus began sliding up the wall. I feel like I've seen something just like this in a Resident Evil game...

As the painting ascended, it revealed a compartment in the wall with her third item and clue...and bottle of water. This item was a camouflage hoodie that matched the pants. She grabbed it and pulled it on, then reached for the bottle. Her stomach felt full from the last two, so she drank more slowly as she examined her next clue: A folded note. She fumbled it open with her free hand and read the information inside out loud. “Four, Six, Two, Five, Three, Seven, One, Eight.” Additionally, the words were each written in different colors. One was in yellow, Two was in blue, Three was red, Four was purple, Five was orange, Six was green, Seven was maroon, and Eight was black.

Emma frowned as she stuffed the note into one of her many pants pockets. So far the clues had been rather simple, but this one had her stumped. She sipped on her third bottle of water as she thought about it. Something about the clue was familiar, but she couldn't make the connection. She groaned and closed her eyes, absentmindedly squeezing her legs together for a moment. She could see it right there, something obvious that just wasn't clicking. She sighed and shook her head. Might as well head back upstairs. She turned and retraced her steps back into the gym. She closed the hatch and kicked the yoga mat back into place, then headed towards the living room, planning to rest on the couch while she thought.

As she walked towards the living room, she passed the game room – And it hit her like a truck. Bloody hell, the pool balls! Emma made a sharp turn into the game room. Sure enough, the pool balls numbering one through eight were laid out on the table, positioned in a circle. She approached the table just as she finished the bottle of water, and she tossed it as she looked over the balls. So...what am I supposed to do with them? Just stick them in any hole in the proper order? Didn't see anything that said I need to actually hit them with the cue.

Emma shrugged and reached into her pocket to check the note. Then she grabbed the 4-Ball and dropped it into a corner pocket. She was instantly and greatly startled by a loud buzzer, and the 4-Ball violently shot out of the pocket and landed back on the table with a thud. “WELL I GUESS THAT'S NOT FUCKIN' IT THEN, INNIT?” Emma shouted. As she recovered from the scare, she noticed that her right hand had pressed itself hard between her legs. She breathed slowly, trying to measure the pressure in her bladder. It was certainly noticeable by now. I'm fine, I just gotta figure this rubbish out. Emma took a moment to look around the room for any other clue. There was nothing else unusual, so Emma took a closer look at the pool table, examining the holes in detail. Sure enough, she spotted small colored stickers hidden under the rim of the holes, just circles matching the color of the pool balls. Ahhh, I've got you now...

She picked the 4-Ball back up and walked around the table until she spotted the purple sticker on one of the side pockets, and she dropped the ball into that hole. A moment later, she heard a chime. Yes! It only took Emma a minute to sort the rest of the balls, and as soon as the 8-Ball went in, she heard a sound behind her and turned to see the plasma screen slide along the wall to reveal another compartment.

There was another folded note, and the item this time it was a thick olive-green vest, made from some coarse and very tough material that Emma didn't recognize. It was covered in pouches and pockets and had a large number of loops running down the length of each side, and three belts to fasten it under her neck, over her breasts, and across her stomach. At this point, Emma was very confused. Am I joining the military? What the fuck is all of this for? With Kay unable or unwilling to respond to her during this challenge, she had no way to find out. Emma picked up the vest. Much like the pants, it was weighed down by a bottle of water in a pocket.

She found it quickly, but pursed her lips and set it down in the compartment. My stomach feels really full. If I drink another one so fast I'm gonna get sick. Even if I'm in a rush, I need to take a break. Emma didn't feel like putting on the heavy vest, so she grabbed it and left the game room. She got to the living room and placed it on the table next to the boot. It's a bit warm in here for these clothes too. Besides, I look so cute in Kay's PJ's... She pulled off the hoodie and folded it next to the vest, then clumsily removed the pants and did the same. Once she was finished unloading the gear, she fell onto the couch and grabbed the remote.

Emma spent about half an hour watching some unfamiliar cartoon about Crystal Gems and a kid named Steven or something, and by the time the credits rolled on the second episode, her legs were crossed and shaking. I hate that I wasted so much time, but I really couldn't drink any more. I feel a lot better though. Time to move on. Emma stood and gasped as her bladder throbbed sharply for a moment. She exhaled slowly and held her arms out at her sides, once again trying to gauge how much pee might already be in there. It has to be less than a liter. It's filling so fast though. I have four items but I don't know how many there are going to be. I don't know if Kay expected me to be dumber than I am and find them slower than I have. No clue what to expect...

Once again she ignored her now-sensitive bladder and headed back to the game room, where she drank her fourth bottle of water over the course of about a minute. That's two liters. More than enough to make an average person wet themselves eventually. Luckily, I'm not bloody average. After she tossed the bottle, she reached for the note. The first thing she noticed was that the paper felt weird, like some kind of material half way between paper and plastic. She blinked and unfolded it with a grimace. Inside was an exceptionally well-drawn portrait of a naked woman with red skin and the sort of small, cute Devil horns that every unimaginative teenage girl wore on Halloween. She was standing in flames, bent over with her legs double-crossed, tears in her eyes and a stream of light yellow pee trickling down her inner thighs. It's an excellent drawing, but what the hell sort of clue is this?

Emma frowned and leaned in closer. There was absolutely nothing unique about it. Well, she's naked. There's only one place in here where you're normally allowed to be completely nude. Worth a shot. Even though she was fairly certain that there was no other clue on it, Emma folded the paper and stuck it between her breasts, as the pajama shorts had no pockets. She sighed and walked out of the game room and towards the stairs, pausing to press her legs together. I can't believe I need to go already. It's barely been an hour. I hope there's not too many more things to find, or I might be screwed.

Forcing herself to move on, she gingerly ascended the stairs into her bedroom. She immediately noticed a strong scent of cinnamon. What the heck? That wasn't here this morning. As she approached the bathing room, she noticed a sort of flicker, and as she entered she saw a single red, lit candle resting on the edge of the sink. Well that explains the smell. She stepped up to the candle and leaned close to it, looking for any other clue. It was just a candle. She looked under the sink and saw nothing unusual.

The first few were easy, but I guess things get harder as it goes on. I'm bloody clueless. Emma sat on the edge of the tub and withdrew the portrait from her breasts. She stared at it intently, trying to spot anything that could help. The paper feels really strange. There has to be something about the sheet itself rather than the drawing. Emma looked between the portrait and the candle. Wait a minute...

Remembering something that she had seen on television long ago, she grasped the edges of the page and slowly lowered it over the flame, just high enough so as not to ignite it. It only took seconds before the image began to shift. The woman's skin lost its reddish color, the horns faded and the fire vanished, leaving a portrait of an ordinary brunette woman peeing on the floor...except for one new addition, the numbers “666” tattooed on her thigh.

“Incredible,” Emma mumbled to herself. I never thought heat-sensitive ink was a real thing. Thanks, Zuko... And of course it's 666, but what am I supposed to do with that? Emma sighed again and glanced around the bathing room. Her eyes lit up as they fell on the electronic keypad in the shower. Duh! Emma jumped up and took a quick step, then yelped as her bladder pulsed powerfully. For the first time she felt that sting right inside her pee hole that came when her body tried to leak. She moaned and crossed her legs. Bloody hell, I'm filling up sssoooo fast. I'm still in complete control though, I just need to keep focused...

Emma groaned as she unfolded her legs and made her way into the shower. She reached out for the keypad and quickly entered the simple code. As expected, the door she walked through when she first arrived here began opening, although with a frustrating slowness. Emma growled and pulled on it, but it would not budge. Ugh, this is gonna take like five minutes before I can even squeeze through there, is it damaged or something?

Her question was answered almost instantly as one of the shower jets on the other side of the enclosed space suddenly began spraying full-force. Emma shrieked and twisted her legs up like a pretzel, forcing both hands between them. She scrambled for the shower's exit, but it too refused to open. She was trapped with the torrent of water until the door opened far enough for her to get through. Beads of sweat formed across her face and chest as she could feel the pee thundering right behind her fingers.

Emma leaned against the wall behind her and closed her eyes, inhaling deeply and biting her lip. It's in my mind...I know, empirically, that I can hold twice this. It's just the sound. Ignore it, fight it, it isn't real! Channeling every ounce of zen that she had in her, she steeled her soul and let her breath out. She uncrossed her legs and removed her hands from her crotch, letting them rest at her sides. I owe it to Kay, I have to finish this. She relaxed her shoulders and ignored the noise completely. Eventually she felt the warm water pooling around her bare feet, but she ignored that too. After maybe two minutes, the spray of water fell silent and she opened her eyes. The door was fully ajar and she calmly walked through, feeling more proud of herself than was probably necessary. I hope Dee sees this.

After she pulled herself together, she noticed that what had been a very dim and almost spooky hallway her first time here was now well-lit and inviting. She walked through, gingerly rubbing her belly. It was getting solid but it wasn't stretched to its limit, though it still felt very sensitive after the incident in the shower. She was so focused on the sensations in her bladder that she nearly fell flat on her face as she tripped over something hard and leathery.

Emma gasped and held herself as she stared angrily at whatever had tripped her, then she groaned and stood straight as she saw the second black boot and her fifth bottle of water laying unceremoniously on the floor of the hallway. Emma leaned back on the left wall and breathed heavily for a while. That almost scared the wee right out of me. And if I actually fell I absolutely would have burst. She sighed and bent over with a moan, picking up the boot and bottle. As much as she didn't want to, she opened the water and began to drink.

As the water slid down her throat, she could feel incredible pressure bombarding her pee hole. It felt so intense, a great need that rivaled her most desperate moments here – But once more, she told herself that it was only in her head. My bladder has room to expand still...it's just because of the liquor from last night, just because I keep drinking...I know I can overcome it. Emma inhaled deeply, tightening her kegels as hard as she could. Along with this, she visualized herself sort of sucking the pee that was just about to leak out back up into her bladder. She knew that wasn't how it worked, but it helped. Her muscles strained and her body shook, but when she relaxed it, she felt a lot better. Finishing the bottle in two more long sips, she dropped it and looked around the hall again. There was no obvious clue, so she reached into the boot. Still nothing. Emma moaned softly and proceeded through the hall, soon approaching the door to the medieval scene.

As Emma reached out to open the door, she was interrupted by a loud buzz. She blinked and looked around, her eyes settling on a large, square box that was tucked into the corner next to the door. A note rested on top that simply read: 'Put it on.' Emma shrugged, dropped the boot, and picked up the box, fiddling with the latch until it fell open and revealed a folded blue garment of some sort. Emma held the box between her neck and her breasts as she grasped the silky fabric, and then she let the box fall. She was left holding a simple blue silk dress, something that a lady might have worn while traveling a few hundred years ago. With her bladder throbbing and her patience wearing thin, she quickly pulled the dress on over her clothes and laced up the front until it covered the black tank top. Deciding to leave the boot in the hallway to pick up later, she reached for the door again, and this time walked through unimpeded.

“HA!” boomed a powerful female voice the moment Emma cleared the threshold of the room. Emma yelped loudly and jumped, once again catching herself on the very edge of a huge leak. She doubled over and clenched her fists tightly, glaring towards the source of the voice.

In the corner of the room was a seemingly authentic medieval torture rack, leaning diagonally against the stone wall. Next to said rack was a number of desks with various items scatted on them, including a large bucket and a massive assortment of BDSM equipment. Far more interesting than this was the occupant of the rack: The tall brunette woman that Emma knew as Cece, who had escorted the fake Jae out of the compound after the game had been brought to an abrupt end. Cece was dressed in worn leather pants, a chainmail shirt, and a steel breastplate. With her hair tied in a long but messy braid and a black, feathery masquerade mask, she looked like she could have come straight from another century. Emma finally caught her breath after the scare, and she stood up straight and opened her mouth to complain, but Cece interrupted her.

“I see the evil Queen has sent another one of her minions to question me...but I shall never give up the location of the treasure! And no matter how much water and wine you people force me to drink, I shall never degrade myself in front of you! Do your worst!”

Emma stared at Cece, her mouth hanging slightly open. Alright, it's obvious what's going on here. I've finally been given a part to play. Cece holds the next clue, and I have to 'torture' it out of her.

If she wanted to handle this quickly, Emma knew that she had to throw herself head-first into the role. She stood straighter and puffed out her chest, approaching Cece with her hands on her hips. “You will give me the information I need,” Emma commanded. “You say you won't degrade yourself in front of me...let us see just how desperately you need to relieve yourself.” Emma placed her right hand against Cece's stomach, just under the rim of the breastplate. She pushed in and she could feel Cece's completely solid bladder even through the chainmail shirt.

Impressively, Cece's only reaction was to grimace slightly and flex her bound legs. “You think that will shake my resolve? I have the strongest bladder in the Queendom, no woman can force me to make water against my will!”

“I have no time for your games,” Emma hissed. She reached for the straps that held Cece's breastplate on and pulled them loose one by one, then she tore the heavy steel free of Cece's body and discarded it on the stone floor. Next, Emma grasped the chainmail shirt by its collar and ripped through the thin leather knots that held the front of it together, revealing a wool undercoat that protected Cece's skin from the chain.

Emma closed her right hand into a fist and leaned into Cece's bladder, hard. It really was solid as a rock, providing full resistance. Again, Cece just flexed her considerable muscle and scowled at Emma.

“Tell me what I want to know and I will free you,” Emma offered.” I'll let you empty that bursting bladder into a nice bucket rather than all down your legs. What do you say?”

“Is this all you've got?” Cece countered.

Emma sighed. It was clear that Cece was full beyond belief, but her pure physical strength was incredible. Emma turned away and looked over the items that covered the nearby desks. With the equipment provided, she could come up with any number of ways to force the pee out of Cece over time – She would eventually HAVE to let it out, of course. The problem was that Emma's own full, taut bladder did not have until 'eventually.' She scanned the device that Cece was bound in, trying to work out how it was set up – And then it clicked. I can use her own strength against her.

Emma grinned wickedly, causing Cece's confident gaze to falter for a second. “Whatever you've got planned will not work!” she blustered.

Emma stayed quiet and picked up four leather belts. With no time to lose, she circled around behind the rack and buckled all four of them around Cece's midsection, pulling them tight.

“If you think this tiny bit of pressure will cause me to-”

“Shut it, prisoner!” Emma ordered. The redhead then reached to Cece's right wrist and quickly unbuckled the strap that held her arm in place.

“Uh, what are you doing?” Cece asked, her feigned English accent failing for a moment. “Why are you freeing my arm?”

“I SAID SILENCE!” Emma shouted. She circled around the rack and released Cece's left arm next. The bound woman reached down and tried to pull the belts binding her midsection, but they were buckled on the other side of the rack. She was still stuck. “You might be able to resist the pressure a small woman like me can apply, but how about the entire weight of this monstrosity?”

With that, Emma gripped the top of the rack and pulled hard, tipping it forwards and using the stone wall as leverage to slowly lower it towards the ground. Cece began shrieking and cursing as her front approached the stone floor, and she threw out her arms to block the weight of the rack from squishing her bladder. Cece was left with a choice to either hold a push-up with close to her full body weight strapped to her back or to allow that weight PLUS her own to compress her bulging bladder against a hard floor. Just as Emma anticipated, she chose the first option.

Cece held on for maybe twenty seconds before she started spilling her guts. “THE POOL, THE NEXT CLUE IS IN THE POOL ROOM, LIFT ME UP, I CAN'T HOLD IT IF I HAVE TO LIFT ALL THIS WEIGHT, KAY WON'T LIKE IT IF I PEE YET, I'LL GET IN TROUBLE, PLEASE EMMA!”

Not only did Cece divulge the information, but Emma had forced her to completely break character. Emma stood still, looking down at the desperate girl in such an awkward position. “There's no way I'm strong enough to lift you back up,” Emma said with a shrug. Emma knelt down and leaned in as close to Cece's ear as she could, whispering so softly that not even the pristine quality of the compound's microphones could possibly pick up her voice. “Kay won't be happy with you for breaking character either, I'm sure. She doesn't seem to be talking today, so I'll pass on my own punishment. You know...for wasting my time.”

Emma stood straight again and reached her foot under the rack, hooking Cece's left arm with her toes and pulling it out. With a grunt and a muffled curse, Cece hit the ground and an absolute torrent immediately started flooding out from the waistband of her leather pants. Her pee puddled around her breasts and thighs, saturating the wool coat. A second later, two more waterfalls poured from the ankles of the waterproof pants, spreading out in a huge circle that quickly lined all four walls of the small room.

It only took seconds of Cece wetting herself to send Emma's own body into throes of torment. She could feel her hot pee burning in her urethra, she could feel the waistband of her panties and pajama shorts digging into her hard bladder, she could feel a huge spurt held tight just inside of her straining pee hole. With tears of desperation forming in her eyes, Emma nearly flew out of the medieval scene, leaving Cece face-down in the ocean of pee that was still exploding out of her athletic body. Slamming the door shut behind her, Emma sank to the ground with her chest heaving and her face coated in sweat.

“Professor...” Emma panted, clutching her chest with her right hand and pressing hard between her legs with her left. “Please send someone in there to get Cece out fast, I can't believe I just left her there but I can't take the sight of it. I'm so fucking desperate already. I'm guessing I won't get told off for what I did in there, because it absolutely is something that you would do, don't try to hide it.”

She stayed where she was and kept trying to catch her breath, until she felt hot liquid soaking into the back of her dress. Emma yelped and scrambled to her feet, terrified that she had started wetting herself without even feeling it. However, that was not the case; Cece's incredible puddle was starting to leak through the gap at the bottom of the door. Emma cursed and pulled the dress off, tossing it on top of the box that it came in. The butt of her pajama shorts were wet with Cece's pee, and the sensation made it even harder for her to hold the leaks that were begging to squeeze through her clenched thighs.

Emma had always been a leaker. Throughout her life, whenever she really needed to pee she would dribble in her panties when the pressure got too great. It was only here that she was forced to suppress the natural urge to spurt with the waves of desperation that cascaded inside of her.

She placed a hand on her belly. It was now round and solid, not a bit of softness left to it. She could no longer blame running water, or being startled, or seeing someone else pee. Emma was now truly and seriously desperate, and she had no idea how many more items she had to find. She picked up the boot, squeezed her tired kegels to their limit, and started walking back towards the bedroom, her determination as strong as ever.

- To be continued in what may be the most intense, authentic, and unadulterated description of true desperation ever written.

*163*2017-07-20 23:38

{{21 minutes ago, Sake said:

"That can't be it. Where's the rest of it?"

}}

HHHOOONNNNOOORRR!

*164*2017-07-22 05:13

All of you who are into truly extreme desperation, get hype... The next chapter is going so much further beyond anything I've written yet. It might even be TOO much for some people, but it's going to be exceptionally realistic. The human body does some weird things when you deny it what it absolutely needs for too long, when you go just crazy enough to ignore real mental alarms and failsafes to bring your body to its true physical limit. Progress on the chapter is going far quicker than others, because it's nonstop action from beginning to end. Expect it within two to three days.

*167*2017-07-25 05:25

Part Ten-

I can't believe I'm considering this...but I need to take another break. Safety first...I need to let some more of the water go down before I drink anything else. Just ten minutes and I'll be able to continue. Emma left the hallway to the medieval scene and stepped back into the bathing room. Expecting another trap, she stiffened up as she moved through the small room, but luckily nothing bad happened as she stepped into the bedroom. Now that I think about it, didn't Kay promise that there wouldn't be any traps in the bedroom or in the bathing room? Bloody liar...

Emma made her way to the bed with a sigh. Nothing to do about it now. She sat on the bed and laid back, placing both hands on her bulging bladder. She rubbed and prodded it, enjoying the sensations and the pressure. She kept playing with her sensitive belly until she felt an especially powerful spasm, and she dropped her arms to her sides before she accidentally squeezed some pee out. With nothing to do but wait until her stomach settled, Emma closed her eyes with another sigh...

And woke up forty five minutes later, her entire body racked with pain and her bladder absolutely DEMANDING relief. Emma screamed and clenched her fists so hard it hurt, her face twisting up in agony and her privates burning with pressure unlike anything she had ever felt. “HOW THE FUCK DID I FALL ASLEEP!?” she cried out loud, knowing full-well that nobody would respond. “How...I was already so desperate...” Emma folded up her arms and clenched her entire body, shaking all over and gasping with every breath.

I know I'm exhausted from last night, from running all over the complex, from not getting enough sleep every night...Even so, I can't believe I could sleep like that. I'm doomed, I'm absolutely fucking doomed. Emma slowly straightened her right arm, sliding her hand through the waistband of the pajama shorts. She felt her crotch, expecting to feel her panties soaking wet. Somehow she was still completely dry, she hadn't even leaked as she slept. I'm still holding all of it...I've got a chance, I've got to move, I don't have any time left. Emma sat up as gingerly as she could.

The motion caused her massive, distended bladder to compress, sending a tsunami of torment to batter her womanhood. The pain directly inside her pee hole was the worst by far. Her absolute need to leak, to relieve just a tiny bit of pressure, it screamed at her. Her poor body had no way to understand why this was happening to it, why she wouldn't just open her legs and empty herself where she sat, why she would keep herself in such agony when she had no true need to.

Her spirit, however, was burning with the boundless determination of a Spartan on the field of battle. If I end up wetting myself because of such an idiotic mistake, how will I ever live it down here? If I fail the challenge, if I fail Kay, if I fail MYSELF because of this, I'll walk out of here without accepting a god damned cent from her. The sad truth was that all the pee stuffed into her straining bladder had literally nowhere to go but out, and Emma knew it. “Do not urinate under any circumstance,” Emma stated out loud. “Every single drop of liquid that leaves my body must be released completely, totally, and unequivocally against my will. I am to behave like peeing is a crime of the highest caliber.” Kay's own words. The only reason that I'm here is to hold it beyond my limit. If I start leaking now, I'll prove myself weaker than Dee, weaker than Tsu...weaker than Kay.

Emma screamed out loud and stood up straight, clenching her pee hole with what felt like the last of her strength. She was furious at herself, for reaching her limit this way. She knew the alcohol from last night was to blame. How unbelievably stupid, getting drunk at a place like this, I'm an absolute idiot! She internally berated herself throughout the length of the bedroom, down the stairs, through the living room and down the entire hallway, and finally she approached the door to the pool room.

The pressure inside of her seemed to increase noticeably on a second-to-second basis, the liters of water she drank flowing straight through her. The need was already strong before she fell asleep... Now, though... “I'm gonna wee myself,” Emma stammered. The sudden realization hit her as she reached for the door. “It's already too much pressure. I can't stop myself from leaking anymore...” She didn't even know who she was trying to talk to. Kay? She wasn't answering, and even if she did, what could she say to help? Was she just talking to herself? It helped her focus, but ultimately it could not save her. That's it then, innit? As soon as I open this bloody door, I'm gonna see the water and I'm gonna wet myself right there. I just can't wait anymore.

Resigned to her failure, she sighed and pushed open the door. The scent of chlorine instantly filled her nostrils...but the pool was completely empty. Emma blinked at it, silently mouthing: “Are you fucking kidding me...?” Her legs stiff and heavy, she walked across the tile floor to the edge of the deep pool. Laying there, smack in the center, was a matte black plastic case, close to four feet long. The words "OPEN ME" were written on it in bold white letters. On top of the case next to the words sat her sixth bottle of water...the bottle that would put the quantity of liquid flooding into her bladder at three full liters, not even considering what was already in there. Absent choice, Emma began the walk to the stairs that led into the pool.

There might as well be “TRAP” written across the ceiling in neon lights...I don't know what she's got planned, but whatever it is...I won't be able to hold through it. Emma slowly descended into the pool, twelve feet down, her eyes half closed in a defeated depression. She had wanted to win so badly, to make Kay and all the other women here proud. To satisfy the clients, to really earn the incalculable amount of money she originally came here to get. But with how her body felt right now, with her bladder about to start leaking any second, there was just no way. She reached the black case and gingerly lowered herself to one knee.

Emma grasped the clasp and pulled. It wouldn't budge. Leaning closer, she saw an electronic lock embedded under the handle. There was no number pad, no thumb print scanner, and nothing else aside from a bright red light that quite obviously signified that it was locked. There seemed to be no way to open it. Emma stood back up with a groan and tried to lift the case. Again, it wouldn't budge. It seemed to be completely stuck to the floor. The effort of trying to lift it sent a shockwave through her body that came within a millisecond of forcing a spurt out of her tormented urethra. Somehow, despite the incomprehensible pain and pressure between her legs, she held in the leak with power that had no discernible source. Her muscles were dead, her will was faltering, but something was still allowing her to hold.

Physically exhausted and desperate simply beyond words, Emma instead reached for the bottle of water. Maybe the case won't dislodge until I drink... She struggled to twist the lid off, every iota of physical strength centered on the war between her legs.

Finally it came loose, and she chugged the bottle in one long, gulping sip. Pacing herself didn't matter anymore. Either this is the last item, or I'll fail the challenge. It's as simple as that. My only chance is to get this thing back to the living room before this bottle starts getting to my bladder. Emma dropped the bottle and waited. Nothing happened. She gave the case a shove with her foot to see if it had come loose, but there was no such luck. Emma held out her arms in confusion, hopelessly gazing around the empty pool. I can't think straight. I'm in too much pain. There's probably something really simple I'm missing but I just don't have it in me. I...I guess the only thing I can do is get out of here and hold it until I lose all control. If I can't complete the hunt, at least I can give the clients what they pay for. Emma turned away from the case and took two steps towards the stairs.

And then she felt it. The bottoms of her feet suddenly grew chilly and damp, and seconds later water was covering her toes. She opened her mouth in complete, utter disbelief as the pool water flowed in through the floor itself, clearly the same technology that Kay used to measure her subject's pee, but in reverse. Before Emma's eyes, the staircase, her only escape, began retracting into the wall with a loud, mechanical groan. She reflexively tried to run for it, but her abhorrently full bladder, solid as a diamond, would not allow her limbs to move with speed beyond that of a wounded sloth. The pain she suffered from simply raising one leg with the slightest bit of haste caused her eyes to grow wet with tears. She watched, altogether hopeless, as the stairs were fully absorbed into the wall of the pool.

The water was to her ankles now. It seemed to rise about a centimeter per second. Far too desperate to perform any semblance of accurate math, she managed to work out that the pool would be filled in a little over five minutes, if the water continued rising at such a rate. Surprisingly, the presence of the water did nothing to exacerbate the unholy apocalypse that was taking place inside of her. Emma's logical mind was so far gone that whatever mental connection was needed to create the 'Water = Pee NOW' feeling simply wasn't being made.

And so Emma stood there as the water passed her shins, then reached her thighs. Just as it was about to reach her vagina, her attention was drawn by a continuous beeping behind her.

Emma turned slowly, her slack-jawed and aimless gaze focusing slightly as she saw the long, black case floating on the top of the water. As the liquid soaked through her shorts and saturated her panties, she took the smallest step she could towards the case. And then another. As she moved towards it so slowly that she felt frozen in time, the water rose to her belly and surrounded her watermelon-shaped bladder. She also began to feel light now, the water growing high enough that she was gaining some buoyancy. It made it easier to walk, and she managed two real steps and reached out, grasping the handle of the case and pulling it towards her.

The case was heavy, close to eight kilograms if she had to guess. She tried to lift it, but the effort caused the most painful contraction she had yet. Her entire torso was suddenly overcome with excruciating pain. It went beyond her bladder alone. Her sides hurt, her back hurt, and she knew that her kidneys were furiously struggling to force more urine into her completely, utterly, and ultimately full bladder.

Suddenly, Emma's mind felt completely clear. I have to stop. I could actually hurt myself. The money isn't worth it.

Emma relaxed her shoulders. She finally accepted that she had lost. She parted her legs as the water was just brushing the bottom of her breasts. She felt it, the first drop of her pee forming at the edge of her urethra. It was going to come out, she was finally, FINALLY going to end the pain that agonized her so...

She was finally going to disappoint Kay. She was going to take Kay's aid, her faith, her desires, her will, her promise of a life of fantasy together, and she was going to stomp it into the dirt the instant a single drop of her pee flowed into the rising waters. I could legitimately hurt myself. I know that my bladder can't actually rupture, but I could become permanently incontinent, or lose the ability to fully empty my bladder. Even so...I have to hold it in. Because I am...ONE OF KAY'S LOYAL SUBJECTS!

With a fit of incredible determination miles outside of sanity, Emma grasped the case by the handle, and with the last bit of footing she had left, she braced her legs and straight-up threw the heavy case right out of the pool. As soon as it thudded onto the floor above, the water rose to her neck and she was forced to tread water. Her feet left the ground, and she started kicking her legs. With her body almost fully submerged and with no hope to lock up her legs, she had absolutely no idea how she was still keeping her wee from flowing out into the pool. To her, the fact that she was still holding on was outside of the realm of possibility.

The pressure and pain inside of her defied explanation. The torment consumed her entire body. She felt it in her chest, in her arms and legs, every nerve ending in her was firing in response to the true physical crisis that she was experiencing. She imagined what would happen if she felt such pain anywhere else, for any other reason. She would be dialing nine-one-one. She would be in the hospital, doctors and nurses looming over her, trying to figure out what was causing such mindbreaking agony.

As the water continued rising, Emma's mind went blank. She had nothing to do other than wait until the pool filled to the brim before she had any chance to climb out. From that point, it took three more minutes until she could reach out and grab the edge. Thirty seconds later, there was a loud chime and the water stopped rising. Her body moving out of instinct alone, she held on to the edge of the pool, hoisted one leg up, and began hauling herself out of the water. The edge of the pool dug into her adamantium bladder, and as she finally got over it and rolled onto her back, she felt a sort of pop inside of her, between her hips and right above her vagina. It sent a thundering hurricane of pressure across her body, but then it faded.

The inhuman weight pushing against her pee hole seemed to retreat. Where a moment ago her pee felt an instant away from exploding out of her, she now felt far better. She still felt incredibly desperate, but it was like half of her pee had suddenly been transported elsewhere. Oh, bloody hell. I have to have broken something. What the fuck was that? I've never felt that before. I feel better though. Holy shit, what if my bladder actually burst? That can't happen though. I'm healthy, I'm young. And wouldn't that hurt? The pain's gotten a lot better, that can't be it...

“Kay?” Emma called out loud. I know she's listening. If it's actually something bad, she'll know. “Something really weird just happened. I felt like a pop right behind my vag and I feel a lot better but I'm really scared, did I actually break my fucking bladder? Please answer me, am I okay?”

There was a moment of silence, and then... “You're alright, Subject. I'll explain exactly what that was when you are finished. I'd suggest hurrying...you don't have much time left.”

Just hearing Kay's voice made her feel better, let alone the assurance that she hadn't in fact injured herself. Emma inhaled deeply and sat up, then crawled to her feet. Her mind properly focused for the first time since she woke up, Emma walked over to the case. She first noticed that the red light had become green. She slowly lowered herself to one knee and tried the clasp once more. It flipped up easily, and she finally opened the case. “What the actual fuck?” Inside the case rested what Emma immediately recognized as a modernized version of an M14 battle rifle. As an English person, she had certainly never handled a firearm before. However, her immense experience with video games had imbued her with a nearly encyclopedic knowledge of weaponry. She had next to no idea how to operate them in real life, but she could name almost every gun imaginable at a glance.

“Gettin' a little freaked out now,” Emma mumbled. She reached out and took hold of the rifle. The stock and forestock were painted in forest camouflage, and the barrel was jet black. There was a short scope attached, and a strap used for carrying it on one's back. One thing she noticed was that it was missing its magazine, and there was no ammunition in the case either.

Her mind racing, she set the rifle aside and reached for the remaining item in the case; a long, soft bundle wrapped in a black plastic bag. She fiddled with it until the contents fell out, revealing a large towel, a pair of light blue cotton bikini panties, and a matching sundress. I guess this is what I'm supposed to be wearing when I finally wet myself. Wait...that's all that's in here. There's no clue. That means this really IS the last item. I can do it. I can really do it. Emma stood up and slid her thumbs through the waistband of her pajama shorts and panties, using her newfound freedom of motion to slide them both down her legs at once. Little did Emma know that bending forwards so quickly was a mistake on par with Prometheus stealing the Fires of Olympus. As she reached her ankles, she was startled by another pop between her hips, and without the slightest bit of warning, her insane, immeasurable need to piss returned, and it came back even greater than what it was before.

Emma shrieked out loud, screaming in pain as her body was once more completely taken over with pressure and unfathomable desperation. Her hands balled up into painfully tight fists, her arms held out completely stiff and her legs trembling powerfully. She stumbled sideways out of her shorts and panties and grabbed the strap of the rifle, nearly dragging it across the tile until she reached the door of the pool room. She reached for the handle and pulled, but it wouldn't budge. A loud buzzer sounded from somewhere above, and she knew that the door would remain locked until she finished changing.

She pounded on the door and tore at the handle, screaming at the top of her lungs. “LET ME OUT! I CAN'T FUCKING HOLD IT! I'M GONNA DIE IN HERE, YOU BARMY CUNT!” Another buzzer, this one twice as loud as the last. “SHIT!” Emma cried, dropping the rifle again and turning back to the case. She hobbled over to it, the pressure between her legs so far past critical that Emma would have almost believed that God himself was holding her shut, had she believed in such things. She tore off her tank top and threw it aside, barely managing to keep her mask on in the process, then grabbed the blue panties and pulled them up her legs, shaking violently the whole time. Next came the sundress. She pulled it over her head and let gravity carry it down past her breasts and over her hips, then she slid her arms through the shoulder straps as she trudged back towards the door. She grabbed the rifle once more and took the handle, moaning loudly as the door opened with ease.

One hallway. One hallway is all that's left. Emma slung the rifle across her back so she could keep her arms free of the weight, but as soon as she took a step, the scope dug into her back painfully. Deciding that she was suffering enough already, she gripped it by the forestock in her right hand and continued down the long hallway. She could see the living room. It was right there. The knowledge of her objective being so close caused the pressure to increase seemingly tenfold.

Emma began to cry. It wasn't the usual desperate tears, rather full-on sobbing, her emotions breaking down along with her body. Tears streamed down her face, nearly blinding her as she kept moving forwards. Knowing in her heart that she had literally seconds left, she picked up her pace knowing that it would make no difference. For God knows how long, she stumbled through the hall, each step bringing her closer to a full-on violent wetting. The weight of her massive balloon-shaped bladder was focused entirely on her poor, tiny pee hole, one inch of muscle the only thing separating her from a complete physical breakdown. Five seconds later she stepped into the living room. She took three steps towards the coffee table...

And she felt her urethra fill up like a fire hose with the nozzle welded shut. She froze, her control teetering at the edge of the abyss, nothing but the vise-like grip of her thighs keeping her pee held inside. She couldn't move. The table was less than six feet away from her, all the other items resting on top of it, waiting for the addition of the rifle and her unbelievable victory. As she stood there like a statue, she felt her labia grow damp as the pure pressure forced a tiny, restrained stream past her clenched flesh. She was wetting herself, she had reached the end of the line. In her final act of defiance, Emma abandoned all control and sprinted at the table, ignoring the deathly pain in her body that such a reckless motion caused.

As she felt herself begin weeing uncontrollably under her dress, she took the rifle and slammed it onto the table in a panic, shattering the glass into thousands of pieces with the heavy metal barrel. The rifle and all the other items fell through the wooden frame, and she gasped and jumped sideways to avoid the glass and she quickly lost her balance. With the pressure still fully built up in her bulging bladder, her legs couldn't move to stabilize her and she fell over, slamming into the couch and knocking it backwards. She slid onto her butt and leaned back against the couch, her mind barely grasping what had happened.

She had won. The thought pounded at the edges of her consciousness as her truly preposterous hold finally detonated with the power of a collapsing galaxy, the force of her ludicrous stream beyond that which could be rightfully deemed human.

Her pee thundered through the cotton panties, pushing the fabric of their crotch out two inches away from her womanhood. The water splattered in every possible direction, covering the wooden floor and even spraying up onto Emma's own body. Even as she experienced relief beyond reason, she felt a nagging at the back of her thoughts. It took her a moment to realize what she was trying to tell herself, then it hit her. The clothes! She opened her eyes and watched as the ocean of wee approached all of the camouflage clothing that had fallen through the broken table. It'll get absorbed, the measurement won't be accurate...

Forcing her run-down body to move, she leaned forwards, which compressed her still-bulging bladder greatly. The force of her urine somehow increased, shooting almost straight through the saturated cotton and streaming under the table. She gasped as she reached out and grabbed the jacket and the pants, being careful to avoid the glass, and she pulled them away from the rapidly expanding pee. She shook them out to make sure there were no shards stuck to them, and then she tossed them onto the top of the couch. Next she grabbed the boots and did the same, then finally pulled the heavy vest to safety. However, the rifle was on the floor at the other side of the table and she could not reach it without climbing on the glass or standing up, which was absolutely not a possibility right now.

Giving up on keeping the gun dry, she leaned back and let herself be taken by the relief. She closed her eyes again and began to moan as she felt the pain slowly drain out of her body. She placed both hands on her extremely full bladder and felt it deflating under her fingers as her wee continued erupting out of her, reaching the wall under the television and spreading even into the hallway. It just kept coming and coming, Emma honestly couldn't even believe what was held inside of her. She reached between her legs and brushed her clit for a moment, but then she let her hands fall to her sides. I haven't got the energy to get off right now. I don't need to, this relief feels so much better than any orgasm.

And it really did. Every second that the pee flowed out of her gave her a sort of pleasure she could have only ever dreamed of. Her legs still vibrated every few seconds, the rest of her body struggling to truly relax after spending so much time locked up tighter than the gates of Hell. The butt of the light blue sun dress was fully soaked. She hadn't thought to get it out of the way and it was far too late now. She turned her head gingerly and saw her puddle lining the bottom step to the bedroom, a stream going off to the side and flowing towards the kitchen. The size of her puddle was ridiculous, the smooth wooden floor allowing it to freely spread in any and every direction.

Despite how agonizingly full her bladder had been, despite the bulge that made her look like she could have been seven months pregnant, despite the entire floor of the room being coated with pee...Emma's stream eventually began to slow. It took almost another thirty seconds, the entire length of a pretty desperate wee for an average person, for it to fall into a light leak and another ten for it to finally stop completely. Tiny drops still fell from her panties. With the very last of her strength, Emma forced herself to her knees, grasped the back of her dress, and twisted it around to her front. She squeezed it and wrung it out, trying to get as much of the pee as she could into the rest of it on the floor. Once she was satisfied, Emma collapsed onto the couch next to the pile of military gear, leaned back, and shut her eyes. All there was left to do was wait for the count.

And wait she did. With her bare feet, she felt the pee being absorbed through the floor. But the count did not come. She waited and waited, growing frustrated. After what had to be five minutes, she opened her eyes.

Kay was standing directly in front of her, wearing an extravagant and fiery high-slit dress, orange feathers surrounding her neck which perfectly matched her mask. It was different than the dress that Emma had originally seen her in, though the colour scheme was nearly identical. How could she wear anything else with that hair she had? A gorgeous shade of orangey red that Emma could only envy despite her own red hair. With a dumbfounded gaze, Emma just stared at the radiant woman who stood before her. Surprisingly, Kay was just staring back at Emma with the same exact dumbfounded gaze. Her mouth was hanging open, her eyes locked on Emma's.

Finally, Kay moved. She glided across the floor straight towards Emma, then in an act far more intimate than Emma anticipated, Kay spread her legs and straddled Emma on the couch, folding her slender and soft arms behind Emma's neck. Kay leaned in and kissed her, her tongue brushing Emma's lips. Kay's left leg was fully exposed, and Emma could just see the waistband of Kay's red panties, as if they would be any other color. Emma reached out and grasped Kay's shoulders, boldly returning the kiss and letting their breasts compress against each other.

Suddenly, Kay moved her hands onto Emma's chest and pushed her back into the couch. “Do you have...any idea...what you've just done, Subject?” Kay whispered, her voice the dictionary definition of the word 'Astounded.'

Emma just shook her head nervously.

“I checked over and over again. I made certain that it wasn't mixed with another result. I checked it on three different computers. I reset the entire system. Twice. It is undeniable. You just released two thousand, two hundred and twelve milliliters in a single pee. You have just...SHATTERED the record of every single woman I have ever brought here. By fifty three milliliters at the closest comparison.” Kay pushed harder against the stunned Emma, squashing her into the cushions as she leaned into her. “What in the world came over you?”

Emma's mouth opened and closed like a landed fish. “I...I don't – I just knew I couldn't disappoint you, Kay. You helped me, you put so much faith in me...how could I let myself fail after everything...”

Kay pushed two fingers against Emma's lips. “You are absolutely insane,” Kay breathed, her voice on the verge of laughter. “You incredible, beautiful, magnificent person. I never could have imagined I would ever meet someone like you. That you would push yourself so far for me, when your capacity wasn't even close to equaling my best subjects...I am so wonderfully in love with you right now.”

Emma's heart was beating at the pace of a Gatling gun. Her chest heaved as Kay loomed over her, her breasts right in front of Emma's face and her ass brushing against Emma's thighs. Losing control of herself for a moment, Emma reached out with her right hand, sliding the tips of her fingers under Kay's dress-

And Kay reached down with the reflexes of a hawk, grasping Emma's wrist hard and pulling her hand away. “Not...yet...” Kay exhaled. “You will not touch me there until the final day, nor will I touch you. The time will come.” Kay took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Changing the subject, you wanted to know what happened to you in the pool room?”

Emma nodded vigorously.

“It's something that very rarely happens to women, and only to ones with small bodies and massive bladders. When a woman is full enough, the expansion of her bladder can actually displace her pelvis much like what happens when a woman is preparing to give birth. It happened to you because you squished your bladder against the edge of the pool, forcing it to expand elsewhere. It's temporary and harmless. The initial process is very...startling, but it creates more room and a great amount of relief. However, as you experienced, over time or with any sudden movement, it can snap back and the pressure on your bladder will return in full.”

“I thought my bladder actually exploded,” Emma chuckled. “I know that can't happen, but I got really scared...”

“And yet you still held on. For me. You are-”

“Sorry to interrupt,” came a voice from behind Kay. She rolled off of Emma, plopping onto the couch with her mouth held open indignantly. “I felt like it was an important enough situation.” Cece stood in front of the television, still wearing her leather pants and soaking wet wool undercoat, the chainmail hanging off her shoulders. The M14 was held in her left hand while she wiped at it with a small towel held in her right. “Your new pet just got piss all over my favorite rifle.”

*171*2017-07-25 20:58

{{1 hour ago, randomkath said:

I can't quite decide if this is the best chapter yet, or if the part where Emma got intimate with Dee deserves the title.

The gun nut in me feels the need to point out that the chances of damaging an M14 rifle with a chrome lined barrel by peeing on it are negligible. You might as well worry about driving a Volvo in the snow.

And considering what Kay probably pays her, Cece can afford a new rifle each week.

}}

I'm perfectly aware that pee can't hurt the gun. But as a gun nut myself, I know that people can get very attached to specific guns they own. If someone touched my C96 I'd slap the shit out of them. Cece simply doesn't want pee on her favorite rifle, damage or otherwise.

*173*2017-07-25 21:52

{{1 hour ago, randomkath said:

I can see that. I've got a VW Passat I'm emotionally attached to to an almost unhealthy degree, considering it's an inanimate object. If a pretty girl peed on the seat, I probably wouldn't know whether to be angry, or aroused.

I hope you're not planning to have Cece hold a grudge because of what happened in the chamber, or because of the rifle. Yours seems like one of the very rare stories that do not need the drama of personal rivalry, and would probably not benefit from it, either.

Also, I have to admit, reading your updates always sends my right hand wandering downwards on its own...

}}

Don't worry about Emma and Cece fighting. I can promise now that this story will remain free of serious conflict. There may be some playful ragging but that's about it.

Also... "If a pretty girl peed on the seat, I probably wouldn't know whether to be angry, or aroused."

There's a word for that; "Angroused." A spinoff of the well-known "Scaroused" for when something is both hot and terrifying, like a topless ghost.

Tends to result in vigorous hatefucking and mild nausea.

*175*2017-07-26 13:06

{{7 hours ago, shadow20 said:

Just curious, do you mind to mentions Cece's pee volume in ml when she is becoming Emma's test? I hope you can add this in next part of the story :)

}}

Yep don't worry, I'm never gonna miss one of those.

*177*2017-07-26 20:34

Ooohh, someone questioning my continuity! I actually really like that, it's awesome to legitimately discuss the story with people. I'm not saying my writing is flawless by any means. Even my "real" books have issues. But here we go.

1: "Firstly, at the start of this chapter, you seem to forget about the second boot - you never mention Emma actually bringing it from the hallway to her room, or down to the table."

I actually do mention it, but at the end of the chapter previous to this one, Part Nine. Relevant paragraph pasted below:

"She placed a hand on her belly. It was now round and solid, not a bit of softness left to it. She could no longer blame running water, or being startled, or seeing someone else pee. Emma was now truly and seriously desperate, and she had no idea how many more items she had to find. She picked up the boot, squeezed her tired kegels to their limit, and started walking back towards the bedroom, her determination as strong as ever."

However, you seem to certainly be correct about me never specifically mentioning her placing the boot on the table.

"Emma screamed out loud and stood up straight, clenching her pee hole with what felt like the last of her strength. She was furious at herself, for reaching her limit this way. She knew the alcohol from last night was to blame. How unbelievably stupid, getting drunk at a place like this, I'm an absolute idiot! She internally berated herself throughout the length of the bedroom, down the stairs, through the living room and down the entire hallway, and finally she approached the door to the pool room."

It could be seen as implied that she dropped it off during her angry tirade through the complex, but it isn't directly mentioned, so good catch there.

2: Secondly, is the pelvis pop a real thing? Is there a medical term for it?

I have no personal, empirical evidence of this happening due to an extremely full bladder. However, it absolutely does occur before childbirth and the pelvis is physically capable of the motion. I have seen it referenced in a (sadly now deleted) Reddit thread for EMTs and nurses, about an allegedly true account of a woman who was rescued from a car after a tree collapsed on it. She had been stuck in the car for seventeen hours with no shortage of water and when they got her in an ambulance, the pop was loud enough for EMTs to actually hear and she filled two and a half one-liter medical urinals. 

When she was X-rayed, her pelvis was confirmed to be widened despite never having been pregnant, but it returned to normal soon after. Some other women (Nurses, mostly, I'm sure you've heard of Nurse Bladder) in the comments seemed to confirm the pop with seriously full bladders (with it happening again once they relieved themselves or with sudden movement) while others said they'd never felt it despite having been incredibly desperate. Biologically, it makes sense to me, but the woman would have to have a truly god-tier capacity.

Truthfully, the pop and the cause of the pelvic movement could have been any number of things in such a stressful situation. The women in the comments could potentially be making shit up or missing other potential causes. However, I choose to believe.

3: "If Emma had beaten ever previous record, what would mixing up with another result had done?"

You forget that there are multiple other women regularly wetting themselves all around the (so far unknown) other parts of the complex. The results of their wettings are sent through the same system that records Emma's. What Kay was implying is that, due to a potential glitch, Emma's result could have been combined with another woman's result.

4: Did Megan/Emma later agree that she was fine "working with other actors", or does this just not match up?

Kay only paired Emma with another woman because she consented. Here are the relevant paragraphs:

“Anything you would like. Some girls just take a bit of advice, some like a little company. If you want, I could send Dee in there. She would just stay with you and encourage you to hold, for as long as you would like. Watch television with you, play games with you...even sleep with you, should you desire it. Anything at all to help you hold it in.”

Emma thought for a moment. She did feel a little lonely in here, even with Kay talking openly to her now. Yet she couldn't help but feel a tiny bit embarrassed at the idea of having another person so close to her while she was so desperate and vulnerable. “You know what...go ahead and send her in. I would enjoy some company.”

If Emma had not consented to having Dee there, Kay would have happily continued to record her holding alone and she would have never forced her to interact with others. Not every woman Kay works with is willing to get so intimate with others. However, Emma is an excellent sport and perfectly willing to make friends and have wet fun with other beautiful women, so Kay is taking more liberties over time due to Emma's complete lack of complaint.

That's about it, I think. If you catch anything else you think is off, PLEASE let me know. That isn't sarcasm, I legitimately love hearing about it when someone catches a continuity error, typo, or any other mistake. This is not only because it helps improve my writing at a base level, but because I fully intend to combine this entire collection, once completed, into a fully 'remastered' novel-length story. I plan to fix every single typo, error, continuity fuckup, and even add new content and modify sections that I find a bit dull or poorly-written. I sometimes write while I'm either desperate myself or horny beyond sanity, which makes for very sexually-charged writing...but not very good writing.

Again, tell me if you find anything else, and I hope my explanations cleared everything up.

Thank you!

- B.L.

