Desperation Dungeon - A Multi-Part Story of Extreme Desperation - Page 10

Author: Bulge_Lover

*225*2018-01-02 15:14

{{4 hours ago, randomkath said:

And I don't mean "... for a lesbian scene written by a straight man", I mean "they are great."

}}

Holy jeeze you have no idea how happy it makes me to read that. I'm always trying my hardest to avoid "Male Author Syndrome." It's really easy in my real books, but when writing this stuff...not so much. That's about the best compliment I could possibly receive, so thanks for that, and thanks for all your input.

{{4 hours ago, randomkath said:

P.S.: I still call bullshit on the skin color statement.

}}

You know, you seem to be right... I have three female friends and many acquaintances from Iran, and they all have rather dark skin and that's what I based the line off of, but I just Google image searched "Iranian women" and many of them are white af.

I deeply apologize for that bit of unwitting ignorance, I was just going by my own experience. Unfortunately I can't edit the post anymore, but I'll certainly rewrite that excerpt in the Remastered Edition.

Oh by the way, for you and anyone else reading this, there's gonna be a remastered edition. All errors will be fixed (like me saying Cheers is in New York, oh my god,) some parts might be extended or altered, and there'll be other various fixes. Basically, consider this thread to be the "beta test" for this story - Everything is subject to change.

On a final note, I'm super happy that everything's okay for you. Stay cool, stay strong.

*230*2018-01-03 05:25

{{9 hours ago, ola93 said:

You know what, @Bulge_Lover?

You are just an amazing part of our community. Stating this was another great chapter would just be repeating myself and it just doesn't do this story justice. You are a great author and I just love your writing style.

However, the way you carefully read and reply all the comments you get, in my opinion, just deserves the utmost respect. If you'd even be half as kind and comforting to your real life friends as your to your fans on here, I bet you'd be an awesome person to know.

}}

Thank you so much man. I love the support I'm getting from everyone here, but I still feel terrible whenever I "mess up" in one of these chapters, which is sadly happening a lot. I can't wait until I finish so I can start working on the remastered version and fix all of these mistakes.

*233*2018-01-03 16:45

{{54 minutes ago, Bothan1138 said:

I still feel bad for pointing that out to you

}}

Dude no, thank you. I might not have caught it otherwise and it's a massive, dumb mistake. I started out wanting to write Seinfeld but never changed the location -_-

*236*2018-01-11 21:08

{{On 1/8/2018 at 7:56 PM, Fangirl-wetter said:

Hello! I’ve just read through the entirety of your most wonderful story. I very much enjoyed it and found it intriguing and something unlike anything I’ve read before. I’m estatic for the next update and you have inspired me to make an account on this sight. I am a young writer as well and am hopeful to become an author one day in the near future. Keep writing, I’m on the edge of my seat waiting for the final instalments.

I have one question though: I remember you saying that you were going to add a big project unlike anything ever written before, however in the end you decided to write it as a seperate story. So I was wondering which story of yours you were referring to and if you could link it? Thank you so much!

}}

I have not completed that project yet. I plan on getting back to it once Desperation Dungeon is completed. However, it's absolutely massive and is going to take so long to finish that you might as well just forget about it until it just shows up here one day lol.

Also, I wish you the best in your writing. Just do your best to keep your writing neat and proper, and people should appreciate it as long as it matches up with the interests of this website. Don't make Walls of Text, watch out for typos, and be wary of those sneaky continuity errors - Those still get me pretty often. Good luck!

*239*2018-03-05 22:09

Hello, readers! I apologize for the delay as I always do, and my excuses are: Monster Hunter World, Kingdom Come: Deliverance, and Vermintide 2. I have just been gaming so damn much. But...here it is. This is by far the longest chapter I've ever written, and it starts off fairly slow. Some of you may get bored, but I know I have some loyals here who will enjoy the whole thing. So here we go!

*****

Part Thirteen-

“Kay!” Maisha yelped, sitting up slightly and staring at the half-naked redhead. “Megan didn't do anything wrong, she didn't touch herself, she just did what I asked her to, I swear-”

“I'm well aware,” Kay stated. “I was in the gym just up the elevator, as you might be able to tell by my current attire. I came down as soon as I heard you screaming. I caught almost the whole thing.”

“I'm sorry, Professor,” Emma muttered, bowing her head slightly. “Maisha was so desperate to get off, and I was just trying to make her feel at home here...”

“I understand,” Kay said with a long and slow nod. “That said...you still broke my rule, Subject. I told you, very specifically, that you were not to do anything until we met on the last day of your trial period here.”

Emma frowned for a moment, but then she decided to try something exceedingly ballsy. “Actually, Professor,” she started, standing straight and placing her arms proudly on her hips. “You told me, and I quote, that I'm 'not to have any sexual contact with Dee, Tsu, or any other subject either.' I would like to argue that Maisha has not yet officially agreed to be a part of your world here, and is therefor not currently a 'subject,' ergo I have not broken your stated rule in any true capacity.”

Kay blinked and slowly crossed her arms. “What do you think you are, some kind of lawyer?”

“I've never told you what I was working towards in university, have I?” Emma responded.

At that, Kay smirked. “I really, really like you, Megan,” she purred. Without another word, she turned and walked out of the room.

Not even a second later, as though she had been waiting at the door, Cece entered the room. Both Emma and Maisha stared at the tall woman, fully-clad in forest camouflage. An olive-green plate carrier sat on her chest and she was wearing a thick combat helmet of the same color. Slung over her right shoulder was the M14 that she seemed to love so much, and she held two very large backpacks, one in each hand.

“Good morning, Ce-” Emma started.

“IT'S YOU!” Maisha interrupted loudly, scrambling to her feet. With surprising speed for an injured person, she nearly sprinted across the room and wrapped her arms around Cece. “Thank you, thank you so much for what you have done for me!”

Cece just sort of awkwardly patted Maisha on her naked back before gently pushing her away. “Sorry, Maisha, but I have a job to do today. We can speak properly another time.”

Maisha backed away with a tear in her eye and a huge smile on her face, nodding continuously. She sat back on her bed, still keeping her eyes on Cece.

“Good morning, Emma,” Cece chirped, obviously trying to sound happier than she actually was. She set one of the backpacks on the foot of Emma's bed and opened one of the many compartments. From it, she extracted the set of clothing that Emma had gathered the day before, along with the vest and boots. Beyond that, she also withdrew a helmet that matched her own, a pair of black socks, a pair of jet-black cotton panties, and a weird sort of long, black bra. It was similar to a sports bra, but far thicker, with a sort of flexible cotton-covered plate outlining each breast. Must be the sort of bra women wear in the military, Emma thought to herself.

“Put all of this on,” Cece said. “If you need help with the vest, let me know.”

Emma did not question any of this. She slid on the panties first and then zipped on the surprisingly comfortable bra, then climbed into the pants and buckled the black leather belt. She immediately noted that the belt had only one hole in it, and it was perfectly snug around her flat belly. She knew that the moment her bladder began to fill, the belt would make it hell on Earth. She already had the beer from last night in her, but it wasn't enough for her to even feel yet.

Next came the shirt, and then she picked up the heavy vest. She slid it over her shoulders and fiddled with the straps, and luckily she managed to secure it before Cece had to step in. She then pulled the socks on, tied up her boots, and finally placed the helmet on her head and buckled it under her chin.

Looking at the whole getup laying on her bed, she thought that she would feel ridiculous and clunky once she put it on. Instead, she felt snug and comfortable, the clothes both secure and loose in all the right places. Every part of the ensemble was clearly designed for physical performance.

“You look good,” Cece stated, smiling legitimately for the first time. “Really good. We have a long, hard day ahead of us though, so put on your backpack and let's get a move on.” Cece gave a polite nod to Maisha, and turned with a snap of her heel. She then marched dramatically from the room as Emma grabbed her bag and chugged along behind her.

Emma struggled to keep up with Cece as she fought with the heavy backpack, but finally she got it over her shoulders just as they entered the elevator. Cece glanced at her, then bent over and reached for Emma's sides. She grabbed two hanging straps and buckled them around Emma's waist, and the great weight of the backpack was instantly cut in half.

“Wow, that's much better,” Emma panted. “I didn't even notice that.”

“Yeah, most civilian backpacks don't have them,” Cece said. “Very stupid in my opinion, a waist strap makes any bag so much better.”

“So...” Emma tentatively exhaled. “You gonna let me in on what's going on today, or are we just shipping off to 'Nam?”

Cece snorted uncharacteristically, then coughed and straightened up again. “We're soldiers today, Emma. Obviously I can't disclose his identity, but Kay has a client, a veteran who grew wealthy when he moved into private military contracting after he got out of the shit. He trained and operated with a lot of women, and he always fantasized about seeing said women absolutely desperate to pee, with no way to relieve themselves in the field. However, military women tend to be exceptionally strong. Even when we were on the verge of wetting ourselves, we never let the discomfort show, and as such this client never got to witness such a thing. So we are going out today to fulfill this fantasy of his.”

“I understand,” Emma said. “What's with the rifle though? Are we really going to be shooting at stuff?”

Cece nodded. “I'm going to teach you how to shoot, yes. However, after I've done so, we'll be switching to a special sort of paintball gun that I helped Kay develop. They look like real guns aside from an orange tip, they weigh as much as real guns, their magazine capacities and fire rates are equal to their real-life counterparts, and they make a really loud bang. I use them to train the girls who wish to become the best versions of themselves that they can be. No amount of target practice can make up for a real fight, and these guns are the closest you can get to that without anyone ending up dead.”

Cece leaned back and stifled a yawn. “Anyway, we'll take the paintball guns and then we'll be completing a number of 'objectives,' to keep up the illusion that we're actually on a mission. Paper targets will pop up all over the place and we have to shoot them down. As for footage, we'll be followed by a few drones the whole time. They won't get in our way, but don't accidentally paintball one of 'em or Kay will have it out of your pay and those things are god damn expensive. I should also mention that both of our backpacks contain a full gallon of water, and there's a drinking straw hanging from your left shoulder strap. We're both to drink the full gallon within the next three hours, and whatever happens after that is up to fate.”

Emma could feel a grin creeping onto her face. A whole day completely secluded in the lush summer forests of Wyoming, together with the rather-scary-yet-beautiful Cece, both with bursting bladders. This is gonna be fun.

Emma had been so lost in her thoughts of the coming day that she hadn't even noticed that they'd left the elevator a while ago. They were already half way through the living room, and Emma quickly shook her head to clear her mind. “Do we get any breakfast? I'm famished,” Emma asked, patting her belly.

“There's M.R.Es in the backpacks. We'll eat in the field, it will be a good part of the scene.”

Emma nodded and grunted as she hefted up the stairs with the backpack, but soon enough the two of them were through the bedroom. Moments later, they stepped into the circular chamber where Emma had first entered this spectacular place. It seemed to be 'off' at the moment, the glowing purple curtains and swirling floor both absent. Kay must only set all that up when there's a new girl coming in. Makes sense, it has to eat a lot of power and it's not like anyone just hangs out in here.

“You'd best start drinking,” Cece stated. She reached to her shoulder and lifted a small flap on the strap of her backpack, gripping the end of a long, flexible tube. She pulled it to her mouth and sucked on it, and Emma saw the clear liquid flowing through it. Emma quickly did the same, wincing as she noticed that the water tasted sort of...leathery.

“It tastes like I'm licking a cow,” Emma complained, the straw still held between her lips.

“You're a soldier, Emma. Deal with it.”

Emma rolled her eyes and continued to drink. By her best estimate, she had sucked down about half a liter by the time the two of them got outside. Cece had been drinking continuously as well, but she dropped her straw as a soft buzz grew audible above them. Emma looked up and grinned as she saw the drone, a white quad-roter with a circular black camera mounted below it. Within seconds, it was joined by two more. They just hovered over the women, watching...waiting.

“Oh yeah,” Cece said, reaching into one of the many pockets on her plate carrier. She withdrew two small, black cylinders. She handed one to Emma, then patted the neck of her own vest. “Microphones. The drones can't record audio, they make too much noise. These will pick up our own voices and sounds within ten feet or so very clearly. Just clip it here.” The two of them put the microphones on simultaneously, then Cece gave it a tap.

“Mic check, you read me?” She looked up to the drones. They each did a sort of bounce, bobbing up and down in the air. “That's confirmation. Alright, Emma, we're good to go. Like I said, we're heading to the range right now, and I'm going to teach you the basics of shooting. We'll spend about two hours there, and at that point our bladders should be getting nice and full if we keep drinking at a solid rate. Once we leave the range, the client who's paying for this scene will tune in, and once he does we need to keep up the illusion, no matter what. 

Do not reference anything that happened in the compound, do not mention any of the other women, do not look at the drones, do not refer to me as Cece. I am 'Ma'am' out here. You are 'Private.' Kay's client is paying a very large sum of money to watch two soldiers grow desperate in the field and eventually wet themselves. He's not paying to see two girls play-acting. I still think Kay should have sent someone experienced out here with me, but she trusts you and she wants you trained up.”

Cece then pursed her lips, and her eyes grew soft for a moment. “Emma, I want to tell you right now, please do not be intimidated by the way I act or the way I might treat you today. During our scene, I might yell at you, berate you, toss you around a bit, and so on. Just remember that it is not me doing those things, it is a part. I want you to know that I have nothing against you. What happened in the dungeon scene, that was just another part for me, so don't think I'm mad at you or anything. You are an incredibly strong woman, and I truly respect that. I trust that you understand where I'm coming from. Let's move... And keep drinking.”

At that, Cece turned on her heel, snapped her feet together, and began marching into the thick forest. Emma pulled the straw back between her lips and took off after her, trying her best to match Cece's stride.

They walked through the trees for about ten minutes in complete silence, both drinking from the gallon in their backpacks. “The range is just ahead, follow close,” Cece said softly as she stepped over a large root.

“YES MA'AM!” Emma shouted, clumsily saluting as she very nearly fell over said root. Cece made a strange face that was clearly meant to suppress a grin. “Save it for the scene,” she muttered. She turned and kept walking, and Emma picked up her pace.

Despite her lack of experience traveling through such terrain, Emma did a decent job of keeping up. About two minutes later, they stepped into a large clearing, and Emma took in her surroundings. There was a large concrete shed with a heavy steel door on their right, and straight ahead was a row of black metal tables. Behind them was a very long, straight expanse of grass. Every few meters were staggered targets, human silhouettes on wooden posts. “Welcome to the range,” Cece said, dramatically spreading her arms as though she were presenting a castle to visiting royalty. “Weapons are stored in the shed. We'll take out a few to train with, and we'll head into combat at midday.”

“How's this place kept secret?” Emma asked, following Cece to the shed. “The compound is mostly underground, but hunters and hikers have to stumble onto a range of this size, no?”

Cece nodded. “The range and the nearby CQB training ground is technically owned by a private security firm out of Jackson. Kay pays them for the property and a bonus to shut up about it and they found a new location, but her ass is covered if anyone nearby reports shots or asks questions about the range. When one of the girls is out here training, sensors detect anyone approaching from two miles off and the drones begin screaming, giving her time to cheese it. Alright, enough chatter, let's get on with this.”

As Emma followed Cece towards the shed, she felt a small and soft sensation in her bladder, just the very first inkling of a need to pee. Barely any time had passed since she started drinking, but she knew that last night's beer was the cause. She was still slick between her legs from the morning's encounter with Maisha, and her clit was burning with anticipation of the day to come. She tried to put it out of her mind, but she was so sexually charged that it was simply hopeless.

Cece reached for the door, which seemed to be a solid steel rectangle with no visible key holes. Emma looked on with curiosity as Cece pressed her thumb against the center of the door. “Now you,” she said. “The door only opens to people who are authorized to be out here at the time, and everyone present has to scan in.”

Emma jogged forwards and pressed her thumb next to Cece's. There was a familiar chime, and Emma tried not to think about the fact that she'd never intentionally given Kay her thumb print as it slowly retracted into the wall. The two of them stepped into a very well-lit room with shining steel walls; the concrete on the outside was clearly just for looks. Lockers lined every wall, each containing dozens of firearms of every shape and size. “Real guns on the left, paintball on the right,” Cece said. “We'll be taking...” Cece paused, looking to Emma. The red-haired woman was standing with her legs together, lightly wiggling her hips. “Oy, don't tell me you already need a pee?”

Emma shook her head. “Nah, that's not...”

“What's the problem then?”

Emma sighed. “Permission to speak freely?”

“Granted,” Cece answered with a smirk.

“I've been insanely horny for like two days and Kay won't let me do anything about it. I'm really wet down there and it's super uncomfortable to walk like this. The idea of the both of us being desperate out here for hours isn't helping the matter, either.”

Cece opened her mouth slightly, seemingly unsure how to respond. “I...I don't think there's anything I can do to help you there, Emma. If Kay says you can't cum, you can't cum. I can give you a bit of advice, however.”

Emma nodded enthusiastically.

“You should embrace it,” Cece started. “Let it build up, let yourself get so frantic that you can barely think straight. You hold it in, just like you hold your pee. No matter how desperate you are to get off, you keep all of that energy inside until Kay is ready for you.” Cece reached into another vest pocket, pulling out a small keychain. She inserted one of the keys into the locker on the far left.

“There is one more thing. As head of security here, I spend a lot more time with Kay than any of the other girls. There's barely a moment that she doesn't have a hand between her legs while she's watching her subjects hold, but I can tell you truthfully that she has not so much as touched herself since you got here. Giving you her clothes, showing you her breasts and panties, sitting on your lap, showing up at the doctor's office dressed in her workout clothes...these are things that she would never do with new subjects under normal circumstances. I don't know what it is about you, why you were so special to her even before she saw your potential...but she is completely out of her mind with lust for you. Have the decency to meet her in the same state.”

Emma just sort of stared at Cece, her eyes hazy. That did not help me. That did the exact reverse opposite of help me. It was true, this new knowledge had only served to turn Emma on even more. Her legs felt weak and her womanhood was burning hot. Sweat began forming on her face and it was hard for her to even breathe without moaning. She was almost completely lost in her unfathomable horniness, and only returned to earth when she felt a long, heavy object slam against her chest.

“Long story short, get your shit together, Emma,” Cece barked. Emma blinked and looked down, realizing that she was now holding a modernized M4 Carbine with a reflex sight and collapsible stock. It was far heavier than Emma would have imagined, and she grunted as she lowered the barrel towards the ground. Cece gathered up at least six other guns, stashing them in various straps on her backpack along with numerous magazines and carrying her M14 and a pump-action shotgun, one in each hand.

Cece strode out the door of the shed as though her backpack were made of cotton candy, and Emma shuffled out after her, trying not to bang the barrel of her rifle on the door frame.

And so, they trained. Cece started with the speech every new shooter hears, that every gun is always loaded. After assuring that they both had proper eye and ear protection on, Cece showed Emma how to stand, how to aim, how to reload and unjam each of the weapons. It was an hour before Cece let Emma take her first shot with the M4, and for an hour after that they ran through hundreds of rounds for each of the firearms. As Emma set down her last gun, a Glock 22, she sucked on the straw that protruded from her shoulder strap – And came away dry.

“I've just finished my water,” Emma said softly, looking to Cece.

The brunette was removing the magazines from the row of rifles in front of her, her legs held together and slightly bent. “I finished mine like...five minutes ago,” she replied. “You need to pee yet?”

“Of course I do,” Emma said. “My bladder feels pretty heavy, but it's not solid yet. You?”

Cece nodded. “I'm in that phase where my body is kind of like... 'Hey. Stop it.' You know what I mean? When the throbbing is really bad, but you know you're not actually desperate yet.”

Emma giggled. “Yeah, I passed that phase like half an hour ago. Now it just feels really good and full.”

“So, did you have fun shooting?” Cece asked, obviously wanting to take the subject off their rapidly filling bladders.

“Oh, absolutely,” Emma said. “My shoulder hurts like HELL from the recoil, but I learned a lot.”

“If I'm being honest, I'm astonished by how much you already knew,” Cece complimented her. “You could already name every gun, you knew which ammo they took, you knew proper sight alignment. I thought you were a Brit?”

Emma laugh-sighed and shook her head. “Yeah, I'm a bloody Brit. I've also played way too many video games. I could probably name more guns than you can, I just don't know how to handle them.”

“You'll learn fast,” Cece said as she gathered up the unloaded firearms off the table. “Alright, I'm off to get the paintball guns. Wait here.”

Cece took off back towards the shed, her arms full of at least eight different guns.

The area quiet for the first time in over two hours, Emma felt her bladder without any distraction. She had to go worse than she initially thought. Her belly was full and bloated from all the water, but squeezed flat by the tight belt of her fatigues. She stood straight and moaned softly as the leather cut into her, and she felt her pee burning just inside her urethra. Not even a week ago, being outside with such a full bladder would have had her in an absolute panic. Now though...she longed for the pain that she would feel over the coming hours, the pressure and the intensity before she just can't control it anymore.

“EMMA!”

Emma jumped and gasped, crossing her legs as Cece approached, a glare plastered across her face. Emma realized that she had been pressing herself against the corner of the table in front of her and rubbing against it, completely absent thought. “You are hopeless,” Cece droned. “Take this, and keep your damn hands on it.” Cece shoved Emma her new 'weapon,' a version of an M4 that looked and felt identical to the one she had trained with aside from the bright orange circle around the end of the barrel. “And here are your magazines. You have five mags, each with thirty paintballs. Fairly standard for a soldier, maybe a bit on the low side, but we're only out here for the afternoon and shooting paper targets.”

Cece shoved a number of loaded magazines into Emma's vest, taking care not to press in near her belly. “And your sidearm will be a P229 with four mags of ten rounds.” Emma stood by as Cece attached the pistol's holster to the MOLLE straps on her chest and slid the mags into smaller pouches by Emma's stomach. Lastly, Cece handed Emma a matte black paintball mask. “Gotta wear these for safety, the client understands. They're kinda stuffy but they have a good field of view. Put it on now so you get used to it before we're running around in them. Just stuff the masquerade mask in your vest somewhere, your face will be blurred while you switch them.” Cece pulled off her own mask, put on the paintball one, and took a couple of Darth Vader breaths, because who wouldn't, right?

“I gotta wee,” Emma said suddenly, pouting and leaning against Cece's chest.

Cece grumbled and gently shoved Emma away. “Stop that, you know that I'm just as excited by this as you are, but we have parts to play. Speaking of which, I haven't explained our next step properly. About half a mile from this range is a HUMVEE that Kay's rented from some local military collector. We're getting in that vehicle, then we proceed to the CQB training ground, stopping to eat on the way. I'll be issuing orders which you will follow to the letter. We'll have some objectives there, some in the woods, and if we're still somehow dry, we'll be returning to the complex on foot since we can't take a chance at wetting the HUMVEE. It will be a long, LONG walk, and we'll have no chance of making it without wetting ourselves. However, that's exactly what Kay's client wants.”

Emma nodded, putting on a tough face despite the mask that hid it. “I'm ready. Let's do it.”

Cece stood straight, completely ignoring whatever sensations she was feeling in her bladder. “In that case, our mission will officially begin the moment the drones lose visual of the shooting range. From this second on, you are a soldier under my command. Remember, these paintball guns behave and sound exactly like their real-life counterparts, so keep your ears on. Now, if you're ready...MOVE IT, PRIVATE!”

“YES MA'AM!”

*****

It took fifteen minutes to reach the vehicle that was parked beside a narrow dirt road, and in that short time, Emma's bladder had filled by an incredible amount. It must just be the pure volume that I drank. Usually it's spread out over a longer period of time. A full gallon...I don't know how long either of us will be able to hold this.

Cece was proving her soldier's spirit; she had not shown the tiniest hint of desperation since they left the range. Emma was doing the same, but it took every ounce of discipline she had not to squirm or cross her legs. The two women climbed into the large vehicle, and Emma's bladder settled heavily as she fell into her seat. Emma immediately noticed at least four cameras in the vehicle. One on the dash, one on each of the back seats, and one just above the rear view mirror. Emma would bet money that there were cameras under the driver and passenger's dash, watching their legs. Every squirmy movement they made would be framed perfectly.

“Alright, Private,' Cece spoke up. “You heard the briefing, Command's got eyes on an enemy fuel depot ten kilometers to the north. We're to neutralize any threats and secure the fuel for allied pickup once night falls. We'll be stopping at the half way point for lunch. Buckle up!”

“Yes Ma'am!” Emma snapped back. It was all that she was confident enough to say. Emma grasped her seat belt and pulled it into place, moaning softly against her will as it settled across her tight, compressed bladder. Cece started the truck and they began driving along the dirt road, and the HUMVEE bounced and rocked mercilessly. Despite her tightly pursed lips, a loud yelp escaped her as they drove over what seemed to be a large root.

“Problem, Private?” Cece demanded.

“N- No, Ma'am!” Emma responded, trying not to let her voice shake.

Cece said nothing else as they drove on for what seemed like half an hour. They were moving very slowly over the narrow path, Cece obviously concerned with the well being of the HUMVEE. Soon enough though, the vehicle came to a stop.

“Lunch time, Private,” Cece said. “Grab an MRE from your pack, I'll prepare the canned heat. They're always better warm...and we're in no hurry.”

Emma grimaced and opened her door, sliding to her feet with a grunt. Her bladder throbbed powerfully as she stood straight, and she bit her lip hard to keep quiet. This god damned belt...I would be fine if I could just let my bladder expand...

Emma let her paintball rifle hang at her side by its sling as she followed Cece about fifty feet into the woods, and they just came to a stop when...

Vrrrrr, VVVVRROOOM.

“What the FUCK!?” Cece screamed, turning back towards the HUMVEE. Emma's mouth opened slightly as she saw the olive-green vehicle take off further down the path.

“Ce- UHM, MA'AM, what's going-” Emma began to stammer, but she was interrupted as a thunderous bang sounded from a few dozen meters to their right, and a second later a green splash of paint splattered across a tree not two feet from where Emma was standing. “WHAT'S HAPP-”

“GET DOWN YOU IDIOT!”

Emma yelped as Cece grabbed her by the back of the vest and nearly threw her behind a nearby oak as three more green paintballs exploded at their feet. Cece slid in next to Emma, her face a mixture of panic and surprise. “WHAT DID YOU DO?”

“WHAT!?” Emma shrieked as a rapid series of shots went off, this time from somewhere further to their left. Even with her ear protection on, Emma could hear the paint splashing against the other side of the tree she leaned on.

Cece reached for Emma's throat, and the redhead almost expected to get strangled before Cece grasped the microphone on the neck of her vest and twisted it off before she did the same to her own. “WHAT DID YOU DO TO PISS OFF KAY!?”

Emma opened and closed her mouth like a landed fish, and then it suddenly made sense. This is it. This is what Kay does to people who disobey her.

“I- She- When-”

“SPEAK!”

“SHE TOLD ME NOT TO HAVE ANY SEXUAL CONTACT BUT THIS MORNING I ATE OUT MAISHA-” Emma nearly choked on her tongue as she remembered Kay's warning not to mention Maisha or Elise outside of the doctor's office, then calmed down when she remembered that the mics were off. “I...I didn't listen.”

Cece hissed a series of incomprehensible cursewords before climbing to her feet, her paintball M14 at the ready. “Alright, Emma. Listen to me now. Ya fucked up. Kay's sent the rest of the security team after us. They're all armed with paintball guns like ours. If we get back to the complex without breaking character or getting shot, we'll be awarded something incredible. This has only happened twice before, but both times I've been on the other end of it, and it's never been part of a scene. We have to turn the mics back on now. You got this?”

“Cece, I don't know,” Emma whimpered. “I'm busting to piss, I can't run like-”

Emma was interrupted by a sudden burst of fire from Cece's rifle, and milliseconds later she heard a woman yelp and curse from a short distance away.

“This is happening, Emma. You'll fuckin' hold it like you're supposed to, and we're gettin' the hell out of here. The girls who are after us are bound by rules. If they get hit, they're out. If Kay sent all of them, we've got eight after us. Seven, after the one I just took out. I only saw four myself, so the others could be anywhere. You can do this. Now turn that mic back on, and GET READY!”

Emma, slightly teary-eyed, twisted her mic on and stood up, pressing her legs together tightly. “How do we handle this, Ma'am?”

“I count three remaining hostiles, currently in cover and watching our position. We have to move low to the ground and see if we can break line of sight so we can gain some distance. I'm going to move behind that fallen tree,” Cece said as she pointed to a large pine tree laying horizontally about ten meters behind them. “You need to lay down suppressing fire, and I'll cover you when it's your turn to move. Alright...do it!”

Emma gritted her teeth, straightened her mask, and racked her rifle. Without any time to spare, she leaned just enough to clear the edge of the tree with the barrel of her rifle and she opened fire, loosing a number of short bursts. She heard Cece begin sprinting a moment later.

Two or three of their assailants returned fire, but it was blind and wide, none of the paintballs approaching their location. Emma's magazine ran dry just as she heard Cece shout from behind her. “RUN, PRIVATE!” At that, Cece raised her own rifle and began firing off into the treeline. Emma took off towards Cece, her belt repeatedly slamming into her dense bladder with every step she took. She gasped and nearly fell over in her attempt to hold her water, but she made the rest of the way in a pained stumble and finally collapsed into cover behind the fallen pine. As soon as she was still, she shoved her right hand between her legs and released a loud, strained moan. As she did so, she noticed one of the drones flying down to get a better view of her holding herself.

”What is your problem, Private!?” Cece demanded, staring down at Emma as she ducked below the tree.

“I...” Emma started, not sure how she should respond in order to sound authentic. But Cece wouldn't be asking if she didn't want me to give her an answer. “I need... I need to relieve myself, Ma'am,” she muttered.

“GOD DAMN IT, PRIVATE! THAT AIN'T GONNA FUCKIN' HAPPEN OUT HERE! WE HAVE TO LOSE THEM, FOLLOW ME!”

Cece reloaded her rifle, a smooth series of movements that took less than two seconds, and then she threw herself to the ground and began crawling at an incredible speed. Emma, somewhat indignant at having been asked a question with an obvious answer only to get told off, grumbled a curse as she reloaded her own gun and mimicked Cece's movements. She could not crawl even half as fast as Cece was. The brunette was skating along the ground like some kind of centipede, and Emma was meandering after her, getting further away every second.

It had been about a minute after they had ceased fire, and their hunters must have decided it was safe to emerge as a rapid series of shots rang out from multiple directions. Paintballs were landing within fifteen feet of Emma, but it was clear that her exact location wasn't known. She forced herself to move faster, her bladder rock-solid against her belt and her kegels tightened to their limit. She chanced a peek upwards, and she saw Cece jumping to her feet about ten meters away and firing over Emma's head. Emma finally reached her and got to her feet, and she began to raise her rifle but Cece pushed her back.

“No, they're in cover, we need to create distance. Run, as fast as you can.” Cece booked it without another word, leaping through the trees like a gazelle.

How the bloody hell can she move like that? Emma thought, absolutely confounded. I know she's just as full as I am, and I know her bladder's a lot smaller than mine is. She should be bloody petrified.

Emma was truly struggling to keep pace. She kept falling behind, nearly tripping a dozen times. They had been running for ten minutes before Cece came to a halt and held up her left hand. Emma stumbled to a stop, instantly twisting her legs together and clenching her fists. “Ma'am, I'm gonna wet myself, I really can't hold it!” She didn't know if she should be freely admitting to her need, but it was the absolute truth.

Cece suddenly spun around and grabbed Emma by the shoulders of her vest, shaking her sharply. “I swear to God, Private, if you do not get your shit together, you're gonna get us killed out here. This is a god damned war zone. Stop acting like a fucking infant and do your duty like a proper soldier!”

Emma was basically vibrating, her belly tighter than it had ever been in her life. The belt was now digging into her distended bladder so hard that it was creating a visible canyon in her skin. “Yes...Ma'am...” Emma said weakly, forcing herself to stand straight and uncross her legs.

“Good. Now that that bullshit is settled, we need to sort out exactly where we are.” Cece slid her large backpack off her shoulder and pulled open a small compartment, withdrawing a blocky gray device, seemingly a GPS built to be extremely tough. “I thought so. HQ is directly to the west. We have at least three hostiles behind us, but I wouldn't be surprised if they have reinforcements attempting to flank us. We need to move carefully and be fully aware of our surroundings. Time to move out.”

Cece stuffed the GPS into her backpack, grabbed it by one of the shoulder straps and picked it up off the ground, and then...

“Fuck!” Cece barked as the backpack hit the dirt hard, the shoulder strap having seemingly snapped in half. “The useless thing broke. Gonna tear Req a new one for this. Private, give me your belt, right now!”

Emma couldn't believe her ears. “Uh, why?” she stammered.

Cece blinked. “You idiot...” she exhaled, and Emma knew that specific line was fully sincere. “I need to fix my fucking backpack, and since you ain't worth a damn in a fight, your pants falling down will cause a lot less of a problem than mine would. Now give me your belt.

Emma did not need to be told a third time. She shakily reached for her belt buckle, gripping the tab and pulling it out. The tiny moment of extra tightness was the most difficult thing she had ever held through, but then the pin came free and her belly immediately ballooned out. The sense of pure relief made her go weak at the knees. As she leaned forwards, she caught a proper look at the broken strap. It was not frayed or torn, rather it appeared to be cleanly cut through.

Cece's done this for me. Even though her own belt is definitely digging into her bladder...she knew that I was on the verge of wetting myself. I know that I can hold more than she can though, I must not have fully recovered from yesterday yet. I've got to thank her, once we're back inside.

After a liberal application of duct tape, Cece's backpack was intact again. She slung it over her shoulders, buckled the waist strap without even flinching, and she began to walk. Emma trailed along behind her, now feeling far better. Even without the belt though, her bladder was still tight against her fatigues. She knew that as it continued to expand, the problem would return. And Cece...she has to be absolutely bursting. Her ability to keep a straight face is mindblowing. If I wasn't with her all day, I'd have no idea that she had to wee at all.

The two desperate women continued to trek through the woods, a full gallon of water slowly filling each of their bladders. Emma knew that there was no chance of holding it for long, for either of them. They just drank too much. To make things worse, Emma's horniness had not subsided, not even in this peculiar circumstance. Her desperation only served to turn her on more, and her thick black panties were slick in the crotch. She could feel her own sex being spread around in her clothes as they ran. She did her best to ignore the uncomfortable sensation, but she was still so distracted that she did not notice Cece stop short in front of her. Emma bumped into Cece's backpack and stumbled slightly. “What is it, Ma'am?”

Cece turned to her. For the very first time, she saw concern in the brunette's eyes, barely visible through her mask. Her brows were furrowed, and for the slightest moment, Emma saw Cece's legs squeeze together. Cece took two deep breaths and shook her head. “Nothing, Private. Keep moving.” Cece turned and began jogging again at the same pace.

For nearly half an hour they hiked in silence, their bladders growing fuller and fuller with every passing second. Emma's belly was now very tight against her fatigue pants, and her womanhood was absolutely throbbing in desperation. Cece's stoicism was fading now, there was just no way that she could stay so strong with so much water inside of her. Every other minute she would stop, breathing heavily and holding her legs together, and one time she even released a suppressed yelp and pressed a fist between her legs.

“Private,” Cece said suddenly. “I...we need to get to base quickly. I know you've had to for a long time now, but I need to relieve myself as well. It's getting really hard to move.”

“You can hold it, Ma'am,” Emma exhaled. “You're so strong. I'm doing my best here too.”

“I know...but I feel like a liability at this point. If I...if I end up wetting myself, please don't tell the others...”

“I won't say a word, Ma'am,” Emma stated. “Besides...I'll be right there with you in a moment, I think.”

“If it happens, it happens, but we can't stay here and waste time pissing. We have to keep walking.”

Cece took two more paces, and a shot rang out from their left. Emma actually felt the paintball glance her mask, but it did not rupture. She and Cece hit the dirt, and Emma cried out loud as her bladder was compressed hard by the weight of her body and her backpack. Cece was releasing a constant moan, and she was forced to twist her legs together. Despite her truly desperate state, Cece managed to roll onto her side and she began blind-firing towards the shooter. Emma rolled to do the same, and as she looked up, she saw a masked and camouflaged woman leaning against a tree, just out of Cece's field of vision. The woman was aiming what appeared to be a submachine gun at Cece's side, and Emma raised her rifle, leveled the sight, and fired a short burst. She saw two of three paintballs splatter against the woman's vest, and the attacker dropped her rifle and raised her arms before falling into a sitting position.

“MA'AM, I GOT ONE!” Emma shouted over Cece's sustained fire.

“EXCELLENT, PRIVATE!” Cece roared back, pride apparent in her voice. “I CAN'T SEE ANY OF THEM, THE REST MUST BE IN COVER!”

At that, four shots rang out, this time from behind them and a bit to their right. “Fuck, they have us flanked!” Emma rolled onto her butt and fired half her mag into the trees behind them, not able to spot a solid target. Cece had reloaded and gotten to her knees and, aiming into the trees to their left. She suddenly fired a single shot, and released a soft “Yes! Target down. Private, we have to flee, we're still surrounded. Run for all you're worth!”

Without another word, Cece got to her feet and began sprinting full-out. Emma, left no other choice, did the same. Paintballs whizzed past her, and she moaned in agony as her bladder began contracting, completely dissatisfied by her very physical activity. They were running for a solid two minutes when she heard Cece begin to groan and curse, and five seconds later, she saw it.

Light yellow liquid was absolutely exploding out from Cece's crotch, scattering in all directions as she continued to run. One of the drones immediately fell behind Cece, and Emma had just as good of a view as the woman completely lost control of her bladder. Streams of pee flowed down her legs and droplets were kicked back as she ran, many of them landing on Emma's legs. Cece was peeing so hard that it was leaving a solid trail in the dirt and leaves, and Emma nearly slipped a couple of times running over the fresh liquid. Cece continued moaning as she emptied her bladder at full speed, and she did so for well over a minute. Her fatigues were soaked, completely saturated up to her butt and around her legs, her constant motion responsible for some rather interesting liquid dynamics. As her flow began to slow down, Cece's legs went weak from relief, just for one second...but it was enough.

Emma slid to a halt as Cece fell forwards, slamming into the ground and breathing like she'd just finished a triathlon. The very moment she stopped, Emma felt two paintballs slam into her legs. With nothing else to do, she raised her hands and fell into a sit. The impact of the motion was too much for her, and a long spurt of pee flowed out into her cotton panties. Within seconds, the two women were surrounded, and one of them put three paintballs into Cece's vest.

As Emma sat there, slowly beginning to wet herself, two of their attackers grabbed her under her arms and pulled her to her feet. Too exhausted and desperate to speak, she let herself be dragged away from Cece, who was just staring at her and shaking her head, as if to say: “I'm sorry.”

Another spurt of pee forced its way out of her incredibly distended bladder, and she turned to one of the women who was dragging her. “Where are we going?”

“We're bringing you to the General,” was all that she said in response.

*******

This is it everyone. The next chapter...will be the final chapter. I thank you all for standing by me as I wrote this massive story. The best is yet to come.

*243*2018-03-05 23:03

{{8 minutes ago, drummerdevil said:

I don't want it to end, though... this is probably the best story on here.

}}

No need to worry, I'll be writing many more things. Right now my priorities are:

1: Finish Desperation Dungeon.

2: 'Remaster' the story, compiling it into a single novel-length tale. I'll also be fixing dozens of typos and continuity errors as well as adding more scenes and fixing existing bad / draggy-outty scenes.

3: Finish a secret project that I've been working on in the shadows for well over a year now.

And I'm sure to post varying short stories between all of these larger projects.

B.L. WILL REEETUUUURRRRNN!

