Desperation Dungeon - A Multi-Part Story of Extreme Desperation - Page 2

Author: Bulge_Lover

*030*2016-12-12 07:18

Part Five-

Emma exhaled slowly as Kay went silent. I guess I'm live. I wonder how many people are watching me right now...can't be too many, I'm sure access to the live stream costs an incredible amount of dosh. She looked around the kitchen, unsure of what she should do now. Kay said that I'm simply to live my own life in here. Act like nobody's watching. Guess I'll watch some telly. She opened the fridge again and grabbed two bottles of water, then strode out of the kitchen and into the large living room, smiling at the windows which were now displaying a wide open field, tall grass blowing in a strong wind. Mountains could be seen in the distance. Northern Canada, or Alaska, maybe...

She looked at the couch and tilted her head. I don't know if I'm supposed to act sexy or anything. If I was, Kay would have said something... Emma flumped out on the couch, laying down with her legs spread in a very unladylike manner. If I'm just supposed to act like I do at home, this about sums it up...if I'm doing something wrong, Kay will warn me like she did Dee about jilling off. She reached out and grasped the remote, turning on the television. It blinked on to some old cartoon that was vaguely familiar to her, but she couldn't recall the name. She flipped channels until she landed on Mythbusters, one of her favorite shows. She always had a huge crush on Grant.

She just lay there watching for a time, and she jumped as she heard a sudden chime, followed by Kay's voice simply saying “Drink.” She sat up and grabbed one of the bottles she brought with her, opening it and drinking it quickly. As she finished, she felt the very first twitch of her bladder. She smiled at the television where Kari Byron was sitting in some kind of torture chair with her arm held in a bucket of ice, then turned it off and made for the one other door in the living room, right next to the television. I suppose I oughta explore the rest of this place before I get too desperate to move.

Opening the door, she stepped through into a long, well-lit hall with three doors on the right, two on the left, and one at the end. She reached the first on the right, opening it to find herself in a stunning game room. A billiards table sat in the center of the room, and chess tables, arcade cabinets, and dartboards lined the walls. In the far left corner sat another large television with every game console she'd ever heard of lined up under it. Across from the screen was an incredibly cushy-looking armchair. In the far right corner sat a massive, glowing gaming computer the likes of which she'd only seen on Battlestations. Many of these are two-player games. I wonder if she sometimes brings two girls in here at once.

Emma left the game room for now, moving on to the second door. Excited for what she was about to find, she stepped in enthusiastically, then frowned at the general boringness of it. It was a simple office setting, resembling a large cubical. A simple PC sat on the dull grey desk, with an ordinary office chair sitting in the middle of the room. I guess office fantasies are pretty common.

On to the third door on the right. She opened this one tentatively, but her mouth curled into a huge grin as she saw something she'd always dreamed of having: An entire room completely full of pillows of every shape and size. Holy shit, this is amazing! She threw the door fully open and performed an ungraceful frontflip directly into the pillows with a loud “WHOOO!” She was surprised by how far she sunk into them; the ground was clearly lower than the top layer. She leaned back with only her chest and head exposed.

She rolled around in the pillows for a time, keeping one hand on her mask to keep it in place but still greatly enjoying herself. Finally she leaned back and shut her eyes for a moment. Apparently that moment turned into many moments as she dozed off completely.

“-ink.” Emma blinked and yawned. “I SAID DRINK, SUBJECT,” Kay's voice came in loudly. Emma coughed and struggled to stand in the mass of pillows, climbing out of the room and sprinting back through the hall.

“Shit, sorry, Professor, I must have been knackered after my flight,” Emma called out before remembering she wasn't supposed to talk unless asked a question. She bit her lip and kept running, soon becoming aware of her bladder twinging slightly with each step. She made it to the living room and quickly downed her third bottle of water. Jesus, first I lump on the couch for half an hour watching telly and then I fall asleep. My viewers must think I'm the laziest girl ever. Better find something more active to do.

Emma jogged back into the hallway by the television and this time opened the first door on the left. As though the building itself had answered her thoughts, she stepped into a large gym room. Treadmills, elliptical machines, weights, stairmasters, every workout machine she could imagine. An iPod connected to a stereo sat close to the door, and she picked it up and flipped through the songs, finally settling on some Led. She jumped on a stationary bicycle and began pedaling, not bothering with any of the settings. The exercise woke her up quickly, and she smiled as she enjoyed the music and the motion. At least I'm dressed for it. She felt the satin panties, almost completely frictionless, sliding against her privates as she quickly rotated her legs. I need to buy some of these when I get out of here. I never thought knickers could feel so good. I'll certainly be able to afford them.

She closed her eyes and imagined that she was riding down a boardwalk next to the pacific ocean. This thought was violently interrupted however, as the mental image of the ocean made her bladder throb. Her legs locked up for a moment, but the pressure passed quickly and she kept pedaling, this time imagining a very dry desert. She kept on with her workout until the third chime, and Kay came in once more with her stoic command of “Drink.”

Emma sighed and stood, her legs wobbling. As she straightened up, her bladder felt heavy and pretty full without the distraction of the bike. She prodded her belly once, smiling as it still felt soft. Plenty of time. She fast-walked back to the living room and drank the last bottle she had on the table. I've had two liters to drink. I'm sure that's enough to really fill me up...not gonna be too long now. She placed the empty bottle back on the table and walked back to the kitchen. She opened the fridge and pulled out five bottles of water. She shoved one of them into her bra, gasping at how cold it was against her breasts. Two she squeezed with her elbows, and two she held in her hands.

She waddled back to the game room, figuring she'd have a closer look at what fun there was to be had. She had never used an actual good gaming computer before, just her old laptop and her Xbox One, so she made her way to that first and dumped all the water on the desk. She sat in the large computer chair, leaning back and pulling herself in with her feet. She moved the mouse and the desktop immediately popped up on the monitor. It was completely covered in game shortcuts, and she loaded up Path of Exile – An RPG she had always wanted to play but wouldn't run on her laptop. She made a character, a handsome Duelist. She was having fun with it, noting how similar it was to Diablo 2. As she played, she felt her bladder filling up quickly. She crossed her legs but kept her focus on the game until she heard the fourth chime.

She was drinking before Kay could even tell her to, and then she returned to her game. She had to stop after fifteen more minutes though, as the pressure in her belly was real now and she couldn't do anything right in the game. She stood up and bent forwards, quickly pressing one hand into her privates. That's right, audience, it's about to get real. She walked over to one of the dartboards and grabbed all six darts; no need to play by threes while alone. Between crotch-grabs, she tossed a dart or two. She had experience with this from university, and she was glad to see she still had her skills even while fighting her bladder.

Soon she got bored with the darts and stepped out of the game room with her remaining four waters and opened the second door on the left of the hallway. She grinned as she stepped into a fully-decorated classroom, complete with at least twenty desks, chalkboard, bookshelves covered in seemingly real textbooks, and a large teacher's desk. There were even the obligatory 'Widespread Panic' stickers plastered to half the desks, a relic from the 90's and proof that schools rarely, if ever, replaced their equipment. The illusion was absolutely flawless. Schoolgirl fantasy...very common one.

Emma dropped her waters on the rearmost table, circled around to the front, and sat down in the teacher's chair. “Okay class, please open your textbooks to page three hundred and ninety four,” she said in a terrible American accent. She then stood and circled around, settling into a student's desk. She raised her hand. “But Teach, I gotta pee!” She giggled to herself and wiggled her butt into the chair. “Oh man, can't laugh or I really will wee,” she whispered. “Been alone for like two hours, already talking to myself. Not a good sign.” She stood again and slowly walked to a bookshelf, removing an anatomy textbook. She flipped around until she found the page about penises, giggling again. If there's one thing I've never been called, it's mature. She tossed the textbook and lay down on the teacher's desk, resting both of her hands on her now-bulging bladder. She pressed and prodded it, enjoying the sensations.

She was right before, the waistband of her tight panties really was pressing into her bulge. I'm not even allowed to take them off...just gotta put up with it. She continued playing with her bladder until she started to get really horny, then stood up. Going by what Dee did in her video, I suppose I'm allowed to masturbate as long as I don't expose myself. I can't get off properly through two layers though, better wait until I'm wearing something skimpier. She was about to open another textbook, this one about astronomy, when she heard the chime again.

“Oh no,” Emma breathed. She shuffled to her water bottles and sipped this one slowly. It felt like the new water was going directly to her bladder, although she knew it didn't work like that. The pressure increased greatly, but she just stiffened her legs and kept drinking. She set down the empty bottle when she finished, preparing to return to the living room to watch some mindless telly until she lost control. Right before she stood up, she heard another chime. Squinting, she looked up at the source of the sound, her arms held out inquisitively.

“Subject,” Kay's voice came in. “You have a custom request.”

Emma beamed, her shiny white teeth showing prominently. “What would you have me do, Professor?” Someone already likes me!

“My client would like you to go into the gym and perform some yoga,” Kay said.

“I'd be glad to,” Emma agreed happily. She grabbed her remaining waters and walked into the hall and through the door to her right. She dropped the bottles and walked to the large yoga mat that sat against the far wall of the room. She hadn't noticed before, but there was a small monitor in the corner next to the yoga mat. It displayed a sleek blonde woman in her underwear performing various poses, and Emma assumed she was to copy them. She moaned as she fell into a sitting position, her bladder strongly protesting even this simplest of motions.

She watched the woman on the screen as she lay on her back and lifted her right leg high, slowly bending it and pulling it back so her knee touched her breast. The words Wind Pose faded in on the bottom of the screen. Emma did her best to copy this pose, but despite her slender body, she was not the most flexible. She managed to raise her leg just fine, but pulling it back was a slow and awkward process. As she tried to force her leg as far up as it would go, she felt her thigh pressing against her bladder and she gasped and dropped her leg, holding herself tightly with her left hand.

The yoga woman had already moved onto the next pose. She was supporting her weight on her shoulder blades, and both of her legs raised up off the mat and folded up, her feet touching the mat above her head. The words Plow Pose now sat on the screen. “Fuckin' hell,” Emma hissed, but still she leaned back until she was balanced on her shoulders. She was surprised by how easy it was to lift her legs in this position, but as soon as they were pointed straight up her bladder began spasming hard.

“You can do it, Subject,” Kay's voice said suddenly. “Hold it in and just do it.”

“Yes, Professor,” Emma breathed. She closed her eyes tightly and forced her legs all the way back, her bladder hard against her thighs. She held the pose, breathing heavily as sweat started to form on her face. Finally, yoga woman unfolded herself and Emma quickly did the same, laying still for a moment with one hand on her bulging bladder and the other held against her privates. She moaned with each breath, her legs were shaking, but she was still completely dry. She slowly turned her head back to the screen, where the woman was now laying on her front.

Emma groaned long and desperately before rolling over, screaming into the mat as it pressed against her bulging belly. She looked up, tears forming in her eyes as she saw what the woman was doing. She was laying face-down on the mat, her hands held up and out like airplane wings and her legs raised upwards into the air. Her entire body weight was focused directly on her midsection. New words formed at the bottom of the screen: Full Locust Pose, it said. Emma pressed her face hard against the mat.

“I can't do it,” she whispered. “I'll pee, I'll wet myself right here.”

“No you will not,” Kay said. “You will perform the pose, and you will stay dry.”

Emma let out a low, long moan. “Look at it, all my weight, right on my bladder. I'm so full, there's no way-”

“I believe in you, Subject,” Kay interrupted. “Squeeze yourself shut, empty your mind, and perform the pose.”

Emma took in a gasp of air and held it, raising her arms up and out. Her legs came next, leaving the mat so slowly, so gingerly. As her knees went airborne, she felt her throbbing, rock-hard bladder compressing and pulsing. She locked in the pose, all her pee, backed by all her weight, held in by nothing more than her tired, straining kegel muscles. Her privates were on fire, the pressure waves so strong that she could feel them throughout her legs and chest. She began screaming. This release of emotions was the only thing that let her keep her wee hole shut for the remaining ten seconds until the yoga woman slowly dropped the pose and the screen went black.

Emma let out one final shout as she rolled over and went limp, the immense relief of her weight leaving her bladder feeling almost as good as an actual pee. “Fuck,” she whispered.

“You did a wonderful job, Subject,” Kay said softly. “My clients are very impressed.”

Emma just lay there breathing heavily for a moment. “Thank you, Professor,” she finally mumbled. “Christ, that last pose was naff. I can't believe I did that.”

Kay was silent. Emma stayed where she was, trying to regain control of her legs, when she heard the chime that she was already beginning to hate. “Drink,” Kay said. There was no hint of sympathy in her voice.

Emma groaned and forced herself to her feet. Her heavy, solid bladder settled and she held herself again, hobbling over to the entrance of the gym. She picked up a bottle, sitting on a weight bench and crossing her legs tightly. She barely had the strength left to open it, and she drank with a pained expression obvious even under her mask. It took her a long time to finish this bottle, almost five minutes, and every sip made her desperate need worse and worse. After two more minutes, she managed to stand up again and left the gym.

She dropped the thought of going back to the television, instead deciding to open the final door of this hallway, the one at the very end. She walked so slowly, unwilling to part her thighs even an inch. Her womanhood was so sensitive that she could feel every motion of the satin panties against it, tickling her labia with each step. She wanted so badly to tear off her clothes and have a toss, but she knew she had to fight the impulse for now. The waistband squeezed so tightly against her bladder. She looked down and pulled the front of her pajama pants out, groaning as she saw her melon-shaped bulge. Her panties were visibly cutting into her, and she reached in with one hand to shift them down past her vagina. This relieved the pressure a tiny bit, but when she tried walking she found it close to impossible with the binding fabric around her thighs. She sighed and pulled them back up, gasping slightly as the waistband resumed its assault on her bladder.

She kept walking, finally making it to the door. She gripped the knob, noticing that the door was made from aluminium, painted to appear wooden. It also had a tight seal around the edges. She shrugged and pushed it open, her nose immediately filling with a strong smell of chlorine. She scoffed out loud as she looked over an actual Olympic-size pool. Her amazement was immediately replaced by pain as her bladder responded very violently against this mass of water. She went stiff, holding her legs tightly closed and squeezing her hands into fists. Right as she was about to turn around and leave the pool room, she heard an electronic buzz from above.

Emma looked up, and a small tube appeared to be lowering itself down over the pool. She squinted at it, her mouth opening as a hard stream of water began spraying out of it and into the pool, creating a loud, echoing splatter.

“EVIL!” Emma shouted, rules be damned. “YOU'RE EVIL!” She spun around, wanting to run for her life, and nearly crashed into the door. It was closed. She pulled at the knob, but it wouldn't budge. An electronic keypad glowed blue, three words scrolling across its screen: FIND THE CODE.

“I guess I forgot to mention the traps,” Kay said in an innocent tone.

“I can't believe you've done this,” Emma stammered. Still, she knew that no words would put a stop to Kay's diabolical machinations. She had to find this code if she wanted to last longer than another minute, and she had to do that if she wanted as much money as she could possibly win. Desperately glancing around the room, she saw an empty lifeguard's chair against the opposite wall. She took one step and froze as she felt a spurt of wee burst out of her with no possible way of stopping it. It soaked through her incredibly thin panties instantly, and patting between her legs, she could even feel it through the pajama pants. Looking down, she was glad to see that the ground was still dry.

I can't leak, I absolutely can't let myself leak, every single milliliter is money lost. She groaned as she strained her kegels to their limit, focusing as hard as she could on blocking out the torrent of water spraying into the pool. Every step felt like an impossible task, every breath sent a pulse through her whole body. Holding herself wouldn't help anymore. She couldn't track how long it took her to reach the other side of the pool, but somehow she was standing next to the lifeguard's chair. She looked all around the base, seeing nothing. But the lifeguard's chair was the only object in the entire room. The code had to be here. It had to be on top. She had to climb.

Whinging about it would only serve to waste time. She reached up and grasped one of the wooden planks, placing her foot on the one below. As if knowing what she was about to attempt, her bladder pushed out another tiny spurt. She clenched with everything that she had, feeling the dribble of liquid sliding down her inner thigh under her pants. She had no choice but to continue on, pulling herself up one plank at a time as her body stood on the very edge of failing her. Somehow, against all odds, her head poked up over the seat. There, written clearly in red against the white wood: PART ONE OF TWO: '74'

Part one. It took every ounce of Emma's wavering willpower not to give up on the spot. If I can make it out of this fucking room, I'll be able to wait longer. I know I will. Not much longer, but it's something. I can't quit now. I can't wee, I just can't wee. She nearly fell off the chair on the climb down, screaming out loud again from the pure effort of her hold. Looking around again, there was only one other point of interest in the room. A small door in the far corner.

Absent choice, she made her way towards it. Her body was completely coated in sweat, her breasts heaving and her face beet-red from strain. It felt like a trek across a country, reaching this door that was in reality just a couple dozen meters away from her. In time she reached it and stumbled through, finding herself in a very generic locker room. Said lockers lined the left wall, showers lining the right. In the back of the room sat what appeared to be a toilet stall, with the door closed. The one good thing was that being in this room muffled the sound of the flowing water. She made her way through the locker room, pulling open shower curtains on the way. No sign of the code. She tore open lockers, finding nothing as well. All that remained was the stall. She slowly pulled the door open, moaning loudly as she saw an actual toilet. Just sitting there. Staring at her. Taunting her.

She reached out a trembling hand and grasped the lid. Being this close to a toilet was nearly as torturous as the water in the pool room. She double-crossed her legs and exhaled as she opened the lid. As soon as she did, the toilet flushed. The sudden and unexpected sound assaulted her with the force of an Abrams M1A2 Main Battle Tank, and she stumbled back as a third spurt of wee soaked into her pants, the wet spot now clearly visible. As the water flowed down into the pipes, she spotted it on the inside of the toilet lid: PART TWO OF TWO: '31'

She actually felt new fuel being added to her empty tank of willpower, and despite everything she was able to walk normally out of the locker room. She made it to the door, pounded in '7431', and barged out of the pool room, slamming the door behind her.

Now that everything was silent, so quietly, so suppressed, she heard Kay's voice whisper “Incredible...”

Emma doubted that she even meant for that to be heard, so she didn't bother responding. She didn't know if she could stay polite if she tried; she was seriously brassed off at Kay's antics. Still, her earth-shattering horniness had not subsided even after all of this. She leaned back against the door and slid down onto her butt, fighting the urge to touch herself nearly as hard as she fought the urge to empty her bladder. She stayed there, gasping and moaning as the sensations took her over. How can something hurt so badly and feel so wonderful at the same time? Fifteen minutes she sat there, teetering on the edge of a hands-free orgasm, caused by the pressure alone. She rocked her hips, feeling her bladder slosh around with the motion. She moaned again, closing her eyes. Her nipples were so hard that they showed even through the thick cotton sports bra, and she gently brushed her fingers over them.

She felt the surges in her privates, the kind that told her she was about to have the greatest orgasm of her life, when her ears picked up the chime.

“Drink,” Kay whispered.

Emma ignored her. She thrusted her pelvis out and shouted in pleasure as she came, her whole body shaking and her panties filling with her sex. The weight of her bladder tormented her, but the pleasure was stronger even than her desperation. She had no control over her motions as her legs kicked out and her chest heaved, and she could swear that she came again before she regained sense.

“You have to drink, Subject...” Kay repeated softly. Emma thought she might have imagined it, but she could detect a hint of breathy pleasure in Kay's voice. The thought that Kay might be getting off to the sight of her pushed Emma to stand. It was the hardest thing she had ever done, but she made it to her feet and returned to the gym where her water bottles were still waiting. She picked one up and grasped the lid. She couldn't turn it. It was just an ordinary bottle of water, but her body had already surpassed whatever limit it could be reasonably expected to have. She had no strength left, everything focused on the tsunami brewing between her legs. She tried again, but the moment she put the slightest bit of effort into it, she was finished.

Her privates were so numb and exhausted that she actually heard it before she felt it. “What...” The hiss filled her ears and she looked down to see her pink pajama pants darkening quickly, the unstoppable flood soaking down the insides of both her legs. She felt the warmth on her feet, and now that the dam was broken, the flow increased fivefold. It burst from the crotch of her pants, splattering onto the floor of the gym. She felt it streaming down her thighs, heard it flowing all around her, saw it erupting through the cotton. The unfathomable relief was all she could think about, every emotion suppressed by this primal, indescribable feeling. Her legs were going limp so she sat down on the nearest weight bench, and her wee puddled around her butt and flowed from the leather like a waterfall.

She felt her belly, surprised that her bladder still felt solid after all she had already let out. She pressed both fists against it, moaning as the force and volume increased. The puddle spread far and wide, reaching the nearby walls. Thirty seconds later, it reached the stereo – And the iPod that was laying on the floor. Oh well, I'm pretty sure that Kay can afford a new one. Another thirty seconds passed when her pressure-washer of a peehole finally began to calm down. The waterfall shrunk to a small stream and eventually declined to a slow drip. Spurts of wee still pulsed out of her periodically for another few seconds, but then it finally ceased.

She just looked at her incredible puddle, watching, waiting, and she grinned as it began to vanish, sinking into the floor itself. It really was a strange sight. She kept waiting, just basking in her relief, and she looked up as she heard a different type of chime. “Twelve hundred and ninety seven milliliters,” Kay purred. “You win the second-tier reward of three hundred thousand dollars. Subject, I know that you did not know of this...activity...before you came here. The 'average' maximum bladder capacity of most adults is about six hundred milliliters. You doubled that. It isn't the largest I've seen by far, but it is astonishing for one of your very first holds.”

“I'm honored that I was able to impress you, Professor,” Emma panted.

“You may shower now,” Kay said. “And you have two hours until you must drink again. Prepare yourself...this was only the very beginning.”

TO BE CONTINUED

*034*2016-12-16 05:53

Fair warning guys n girls, I just got Final Fantasy 15 so my writing is gonna slow down a bit for a while. I'll still absolutely finish this story, but not gonna be a new post every couple of days like there has been.

Additionally, I'm glad you all like the story so far. I'm putting a lot of love into it and trying to fit as many different scenarios as I can. I know that some people only like clothed wetting, some like naked, some like deliberate, some like legitimate accidents...trying to get something for everyone in here. I do apologize for the lack of any male stuff, but there's plenty of that in my Lunambra series. Going for a big desperate lesbian paradise here, one of my own fantasies.

So feel free to post any commentary or suggestions, especially new outfits for Emma. Can't guarantee I'll work them in, but might as well ask. The things I absolutely will NOT include is pretty much limited to diapers and messing. Hope to post another chapter soon. Have a good one, everybody.

*040*2016-12-30 03:34

I HAVE RETURNED! This is a LONG one, people. I've been slowly working on this for a couple weeks now and I had no idea just how long it was getting. Anyway, please enjoy!

****

Part Six-

Emma's legs felt so weak as she slowly made her way up the stairs. Her thighs felt so wet and warm, and she left little footprints of pee with each step. She gently pressed into her now-soft bladder, amazed at how far it managed to expand. At the top of the stairs she turned into the bedroom, stopping when she heard yet another chime. “Please remove your clothing and stash all articles under the bed before you enter the bathing room,” Kay said. “Also, I've decided that you may speak freely from this point on. My clients are saying they really love your voice and don't mind you talking to me. I put it to a vote on my website, not a single person objected.”

Emma smiled. She loved talking to Kay...and she loved teasing her. “Sounds good to me.” She quickly tore off the tight sports bra, exhaling happily as her breasts fell free. She drop-kicked the bra under the bed and slid down the soaked pajama pants next. She hesitated to remove her panties, not due to any sort of shame, but because they were just so comfortable. Not only did the fabric itself feel almost magical, but the crotch, soaked with warm pee, clung to her body. It was wonderful. “Professor, you've got to tell me where you got these knickers, they feel like I'm wearing an actual rainbow.”

She heard Kay chuckle softly. “They are quite unique, aren't they? They're the only kind I wear, myself. Unfortunately, I had them custom-made along with much of the other clothing you may be wearing this week. You can't buy a pack of them at a Victoria's Secret.”

“You'll send me home with some then, right?” Emma begged. “Preferably a size larger...”

“I'll see what I can do,” Kay answered.

“Lookin' forward to it,” Emma mumbled as she unwillingly slid the panties down her slender legs and kicked them under the bed along with the pants. She stood there completely naked and exhaled again, her privates still tingling. Knowing she had better shower quickly if she wanted any time to relax before her next drink, she took off into the bathing room and hopped into the massive shower. She noticed that where the knob would usually be was an electronic keypad instead, similar to the one in the pool room. “This better not be another trap,” Emma threatened.

“No traps in the bedroom or shower,” Kay answered humorously. “I promise. This keypad is only used for the settings of the shower, and that green button there opens the door to the dungeon scene and exit. Oh, by the way, you're allowed to remove the mask in the shower. Your face will be blurred. Make sure you put it back on before you leave the bathing room though.”

Emma nodded and removed the mask, tossing it unceremoniously over the shower door, then she pursed her lips and looked over the keypad. It took her nearly five minutes to figure out how to work it, Kay being exceedingly unhelpful just for the fun of it. Soon enough though, she was purring in delight as she stood in a perfectly warm rainstorm, water spraying down on her naked body from all directions.

Despite the fact that she had just wet herself with the intensity of a tsunami, she felt the need to pee strike her hard. She crossed her legs tightly and moaned, knowing it was just the sound and feel of the water rather than an actual full bladder. “Oh, I get that way too,” Kay breathed. “The sight of water makes me feel desperate, even if I just went. Remember though, no reward for peeing in there.”

“Yeah, I'm aware,” Emma groaned. She stood still for a minute, and the sudden sharp pressure faded away once her body got used to the water. She quickly soaped up a washcloth and went over her whole body with it, focusing between her thighs at the end. She didn't bother washing her hair as she had done so that same morning. After another couple minutes just enjoying the shower, she turned it off with a press of the glowing red 'OFF' button on the keypad. She violently shook her hair like a dog before stepping out of the shower, then quickly dried herself off with a large green towel.

“Your new clothes are in the same drawer,” Kay said. “Don't forget your mask.”

Emma bent down and picked up the mask, sliding it over her damp hair before she stepped out into the bedroom. She strode to the drawer and pulled it open, examining the clothing inside. An ordinary dark purple tank-top, matching cotton panties, a black knife-pleated skirt, and a pair of black sneakers with ankle socks. “Going preppy today, I see,” Emma chirped. She pulled the panties on first, these ones the proper size for her, although altogether slightly less comfortable. The skirt came on next, then the socks and sneakers. Her breasts still out, she peered into the back of the drawer. “No bra for me today, eh?”

“Looks like it,” Kay said.

“Fine with me, just please don't make me get on a treadmill,” Emma joked. “Any special requests for today?”

“Yes, actually. I was just about to tell you. This is a new one...a client would like you sit on the couch in the living room, and I quote, 'Watch the entirety of the extended edition of Fellowship of the Ring without getting up from the couch until the credits end, no matter what. Also, she can't just pull her panties aside and pee off the couch, or hang her butt off the seat. If she can't hold it through the movie, she has to pee on the couch.' Does that sound like something you would like to do?”

Emma blinked. “Well, I love me some Lord of the Rings, but that's about four hours. And let me guess, I don't get paid if I wee on the couch?”

“You get paid for whatever hits the floor. You can't use any tricky tricks to pee off the couch, so you'd be paid for whatever soaks completely through it. And that wouldn't be much, if any.”

Emma sighed. “Fuck it, sign me up. I'm starving to death though, I can grab some food first, right? Oh, and a bunch of water bottles.”

Kay giggled uncharacteristically. “Snacks and enough water have already been placed on the coffee table in front of the couch. I anticipated that you would agree to this, you nerd.”

Emma snorted and covered her face with her hands. “You're horrible,” she squealed, trying not to pee herself just from laughing so hard. “Bloody hell, alright, I'm going.” Emma panted as she regained her composure and left the bedroom.

“Remember, you have a little less than an hour and a half until you must drink,” Kay said. “Also, it's six in the afternoon, so you have six hours until your nighttime respite. If I were you, I would try my absolute best not to pee until as close to midnight as possible, so you may sleep peacefully without a bursting bladder.”

“Oh, I'm havin' a wee right before I go to sleep no matter what, money be damned,” Emma stated rebelliously. “No way I'm going to risk losing a night's rest in this crazy place.”

“You seem to forget the rules, subject,” Kay whispered menacingly. “You are not allowed to urinate. When it comes out, it must be caused by the absolute physical failure of your body. If you attempt to relieve yourself of your own volition, you will be...punished.”

Emma blinked. “What's that supposed to mean? I lose money? I get kicked out?”

Emma could hear Kay breathing softly into the microphone. She could imagine the woman leaning over whatever console she was on, an evil grin plastered across her masked face. “If you don't want to find out, you'd better keep a very tight hold on that beautiful bladder of yours.”

Emma stayed silent as she descended the stairs and threw herself over the back of the couch. She barely finished snuggling into the soft fabric before the television blinked on by itself. “I amar prestar aen. The world is changed.”

“Wow, just jumps right in there, eh?” Emma mumbled as she leaned forwards. She looked over the table as Galadriel continued her monologue. Beaming at all the snacks that were laid out for her, she reached into the pile and took a wedge of triple crème brie, a cheese knife, and a stack of some fancy-looking crackers with nori flakes baked into them.

And so time passed. An hour into the movie, Emma already had to pee. She hadn't even taken any water despite the salty crackers, but she knew that there was still more flowing into her bladder from all she drank before. It wasn't bad yet, just a tingle in her core. She ignored it, (what choice did she have,) and kept her focus on the movie as she picked up a chocolate-dipped banana and bit into it. Just as the newly-formed Fellowship was leaving Rivendell, and much to her dismay, she finally heard the chime.

“Your two hour respite is over, subject,” Kay said. “Drink.”

Emma sighed and twisted open a bottle of water. She sipped it slowly as the movie continued on, but her bladder was filling fast now. She bounced her legs up and down, leaning back and prodding her belly. It was thankfully still soft, but she knew that wouldn't last very long. As she glanced around the room, she noticed a small black circle embedded into the wood on the table in front of her, right between her legs. She leaned in, staring at it with a squint.

“It's a camera, subject,” Kay said quickly as Emma reached in to poke it. “Please don't touch it.”

“Ah, I should have known,” Emma muttered. “It's looking right up my skirt, isn't it?”

“Indeed,” Kay purred.

“Well I'm not bothered,” Emma yawned. She leaned back again and opened her legs, pulling up her skirt slightly. “Might as well give a good show before I have to cross them. Won't be long now.”

“Speaking of which...drink,” Kay stated.

Emma cursed, realizing she hadn't even finished the first bottle. She pounded the remaining hundred milliliters or so and quickly opened another. She felt full, just your basic 'could really use a wee' feeling. Not desperate yet, and she felt confident as the Fellowship entered the Mines of Moria.

That confidence had gone down like the Hindenburg by the time Gandalf fell. Another half an hour had passed, and another bottle of water. She was finally forced to cross her legs tightly, and she laid down on the couch. Her bladder was hard to the touch now, not rock-solid, but visible and growing quickly. She pushed the waistband of her skirt down under it, stopping just above her vagina.

“Subject,” Kay said softly. “You still have a long way to go, and you already look pretty full. How are you feeling?”

“I think I'm alright,” Emma answered. “There's a lot of pressure, but it's just dull. Bladder is pretty hard, too.”

“Do you think you'll be able to hold it until bedtime?”

Emma furrowed her brow. There was more than three hours left until midnight - and it would mean another liter and a half of water. “I really don't know, Professor. I will try as hard as I can...but I already really need to wee.”

“Do your best, subject. I believe in you.”

Emma smiled and felt herself blush. She refocused on the movie as Frodo left Lothlórien, and it was time for Boromir's betrayal when she heard the chime again and forced herself to drink yet another five hundred milliliters of water. It only took a few minutes after before she felt the need to hold herself. She pressed her left hand hard between her legs, feeling her labia through the thin purple panties. She had no idea how she had lasted this long already – It had been hours since she wet herself in the gym, and she had two fresh liters of water joining all she had drank before. Not only was she still dry, but she still wasn't bursting. The pressure was so great now, but she still wasn't on the verge of leaking. Maybe it's because I'm focused on watching a movie I love, or maybe my bladder is actually getting larger from all this holding...

She rolled onto her back, sliding her right hand away from her womanhood. She looked down and slowly pulled her shirt up, stopping just under her breasts. Her belly was protruding inches past its normal location. She rested both hands on the bulge, now completely solid, and caressed it gently. She enjoyed the sensations so much, each brush of her skin sent shivers down her spine.

“Stay like that,” Kay said suddenly. “The clients are loving the side-on view of your bulging bladder.”

“I bet you are too,” Emma breathed. Kay stayed silent. The girl arched her back so her belly stuck out even further. “Look at all that wee, begging to get out...”

“I'm very impressed by this hold so far,” Kay said. “You've had so much to drink today, I honestly thought you wouldn't make it through the movie but you don't even look to be near your limit yet.”

“I have to go really bloody badly,” Emma exhaled. “You're right though, I do think I have some time left.”

“Well, I will leave you alone for now...enjoy the rest of the film.”

Emma turned her head back to the screen, leaving her bladder and panties exposed. She hadn't even noticed the battle at Amon Hen had begun.

Half an hour and another bottle of water later, the movie had ended and the credits began to roll. And now Emma was desperate. She had sat back up despite the perfect view of her bladder the camera in the table had, and she folded her legs again, pressing both hands against herself. She was still dry, but she knew that wouldn't last. She just had to get through the absurdly long credits before she could move from the couch, and then she had to do whatever she could to hold on until as close to midnight as possible. Minutes passed as she squirmed in her seat, and just as the screen finally went black, she felt her fingers dampen as a tiny spurt filled her panties.

Emma yelped and stood, yelling out as the motion caused the intense pressure to increase. Two tiny drops of wee fell onto the floor in front of the couch, but she kept the rest inside of her.

“Ooh, you're leaking!” Kay chittered.

“I'm fine,” Emma gasped. “Just a tiny drip when I stood up...”

“You did an amazing job lasting through the movie. I had no idea it was so long before I started playing it. I was expecting maybe two and a half hours when I got the request from the client, not close to four.”

“I can't believe I made it,” Emma said. “I'm so desperate now though...I really don't think I'll last until midnight. I want to sleep, not lay there holding myself all night...”

“Listen, subject,” Kay said in what sounded like a legitimately concerned and empathetic voice. “Your job is to hold yourself to your physical limit, above anything else. If you ever need some help, let me know.”

“What kind of help?” Emma asked tentatively.

“Anything you would like. Some girls just take a bit of advice, some like a little company. If you want, I could send Dee in there. She would just stay with you and encourage you to hold, for as long as you would like. Watch television with you, play games with you...even sleep with you, should you desire it. Anything at all to help you hold it in.”

Emma thought for a moment. She did feel a little lonely in here, even with Kay talking openly to her now. Yet she couldn't help but feel a tiny bit embarrassed at the idea of having another person so close to her while she was so desperate and vulnerable. “You know what...go ahead and send her in. I would enjoy some company.”

“Of course. One moment.”

Emma stood and waited. She rocked her hips back and forth, keeping one hand pressed tightly against her womanhood. A minute later, she heard footsteps descending the stairs behind her. She turned and saw the woman drop off the bottom step. She was wearing only a light green T-shirt and red satin panties, along with the same dark green masquerade mask she wore in the video Emma had watched in the limousine. Her skin glistened with sweat, and her face looked strained but also pleased. “Oh...hello,” Dee said in a surprised tone when she spotted Emma. “Fancy seeing you here. What's going on?”

Emma shrugged as best she could with both hands planted firmly in her crotch. “The Professor said she would send you in here if I wanted some company. Did she not tell you this?”

“Nope,” Dee stated. “I was just filming in another part of the complex when she told me to come here. I didn't even know you were already on camera. You already look pretty damn desperate, too.”

“Oh, I am,” Emma moaned. “She told me that you would stay near me and help me hold it.”

“That wasn't the whole truth,” Kay butted in over the loudspeakers. “You two are going to be helping each other. Dee is a very experienced holder, so she might not look like it, but she's had over three liters of water today and she hasn't had a pee since before she left for the airport this morning.”

“It's true,” Dee said, smiling under her mask. “I'm quite desperate. That's why I'm sweating so much...” She lifted up her shirt slightly, revealing a bulging bladder larger even than Emma's.

Kay spoke again now. “You're both going to encourage each other to hold. You're going to stay together and do whatever you can to make sure the other does not pee. To ensure that you both try your hardest, the rewards at the end of your holds will be doubled. The catch is that said reward will be paid to the other woman. The more she holds, the more you get paid. I expect to see both of you surpass your limits tonight, subjects. Good luck.”

“She's tricky, isn't she?” Emma mumbled.

“You haven't seen anything yet,” Dee sighed. “So, what name did she give you?”

“I'm Emma now,” she answered.

“Ooh, that's cute. Anyway, I need you to be honest with me. How are you doing?”

Emma frowned and squirmed. “I'm really desperate. She just had me watch an almost four hour long movie. I really want to hold it until as close to midnight as possible so I can sleep without a full bladder, but with how I feel now I don't think I'll make it.”

Dee reached out and held Emma's shoulder. “I'll help you, and you help me, okay?”

Emma smiled. “Okay. You don't even look desperate though, I don't know how much I'll be able to help you if you're that strong...”

Dee took a step in and slid her hand down Emma's arm. She pulled slightly, and Emma retracted her iron grip on her crotch. Dee guided Emma's hand to her own belly. “Feel,” she told the redhead. Emma gently tried to press in on Dee's bladder. It wouldn't give even a centimeter, it was absolutely rock-hard. Next, Dee slowly moved Emma's hand down over her panties. Emma blushed beet-red now. She had never had any sexual contact with another woman before. Still, she touched Dee through the barely-there material, feeling a dampness that was still warm. “I leaked a little when I came down the stairs. I really am bursting. I've just kind of learned not to show it over the years.”

Emma stayed close to the other woman, despite her embarrassment. “Don't the viewers like seeing us squirm and hold ourselves?”

“There's thousands of videos of that kind of thing around the internet,” Dee said. “Anyone who wants to see that can just google 'Girl needs to pee' and find plenty of it. The thing is, any girl can hold her pussy and wiggle her butt, even with a completely empty bladder. The viewers of the Professor's content want true, absolute desperation that literally pushes biology to its limit. This is mostly displayed in our bulging bladders and the length of our pees, as well as the quantity measured at the end. It's very specialized, no other producer forces his girls to withstand such pain. That's why the Professor has to operate outside the law, with the masks and codenames and whatnot. She can't be bothered with such petty concerns as 'ethics' and 'human rights,' you see.”

Emma couldn't help but laugh at this. “It's not like we're prisoners, right? I could walk out of here any time if I wanted to, I hope?”

“Of course, but the trick is that labor laws dictate that any employee must be given bathroom breaks without docking the employee's pay. If we were to have a piss of our own accord, we wouldn't see a cent. There are quite a few people who make amateur videos where they honesty hold to their limits, but they're most often terrible quality, bad lighting, shitty camera angles, ect. The Professor also makes sure she brings in only the most beautiful women she can find.”

“Yeah, I guess I get it,” Emma exhaled. “Anyway, what would you like to do?”

Dee shrugged. “Shoot some pool?”

“Works for me,” Emma said. The two desperate girls made their way to the game room, Dee walking almost normally except for a few grunts. Emma, however, had to stop every few feet to hold herself.

“You know that doesn't really help,” Dee said. “It's all in your mind. Pushing on your girl bits does nothing to keep the pee in. When you're almost leaking and it gets to your peehole, you might be able to physically restrain it for a bit, but it's not going anywhere else but out. Actually, when you lean forwards like that, your spine is putting extra pressure on your bladder. If you can block out the mental urge to hold yourself, you'll last a lot longer in the end.”

Emma nodded slowly and tried to stand straight. She slowly removed her hands and dropped her arms to her sides. “It feels so much worse when I let go...”

“All in your head,” Dee said adamantly. “I don't want you to hold yourself anymore, you need the training. Focus your willpower and just don't fuckin' pee.”

“I'll try as hard as I can,” Emma breathed desperately.

“Good. Also, I see you have your skirt pulled down right over your vag. This is wrong.” She turned around and reached out quickly, grabbing the waistband of Emma's skirt and pulling it up. Emma gasped and cursed as Dee forced it over her bulge, bringing it almost halfway up her body. “You want the elastic above your bladder. You're thinner at the waist than at the hips, see how it's only resting there now instead of holding to your body with friction? Unfortunately that only works with skirts.”

Emma giggled softly. “It does work. I think you can see my knickers straight-on now though...”

Dee glanced down. Sure enough, the crotch of Emma's purple panties was now visible under the short skirt. “Ah, who cares,” Dee shrugged. “Come on, let's play.”

Eventually they made it to the game room. Dee strode around the table and handed Emma a cue, then took one for herself. “Ever play pool before?”

“Yeah, a bit, at University. I was alright at it,” Emma answered.

“I'm about 'alright' as well. Just be careful not to lean your bladder on the table, no-”

Chime - “Drink.”

Dee sighed. “Yes, Professor.”

“Shit, we forgot to bring water,” Emma mumbled.

“You didn't notice? There's a minifridge built into the wall next to the desk.”

Emma glanced over, frowning at the wall. Sure enough, there was a silver handle protruding from it, near the floor. It blended in perfectly.

“I'll get it,” Dee chirped. She walked over and pulled it open. Inside was a row of water and a row of various snacks. She grabbed two waters, tossing one to Emma and opening her own. They drank slowly, both moaning and gasping with each sip. When they finished, Dee tossed the bottles unceremoniously under the desk. “Alright, NOW let's play.”

And so they played. Emma lost herself in the game, landing some shots and missing just as many. They played three rounds, Emma winning one and losing two. By that time, another half an hour passed. This was signaled by another chime and Kay's “Drink” command.

“Dee, I'm really not doing good here,” Emma panted. “I really feel like I'm going to start leaking soon.”

“Don't you dare,” Dee ordered as she retrieved two more water bottles. “Every drop that comes out of there now is money lost for me. Since I learned of this new rule, I haven't let anything out. I expect you to show me the same respect.”

“It hurts so badly,” Emma whined. “The pressure is so strong. Please, let me hold myself.”

"No," Dee almost shouted. “I'm to help you hold it in as long as you can, and I'm telling you that holding yourself will only limit your capacity. Keep your back straight and your legs uncrossed.”

“Fuck, you're barmy if you think I can last like this,” Emma groaned. “I know my own body, and I need to hold myself.”

Dee sighed. She walked over to Emma and hugged her gently, making sure their bladders didn't press together. “Listen, Red. I've been doing this for years. I know every trick in the book when it comes to the act of not peeing. You may think you understand, but this kind of thing is completely new to you. You've never experienced anything like this. Please, trust me, do as I say. You'll be astonished at how much you can hold if you follow my advice.”

Emma moaned at the warmth of Dee's body. “Okay, Dee. I'll listen to you. If I wet myself early though, it's your own fault.”

Dee smiled and stepped back, handing Emma one of the water bottles. “Come on, we're going to the bedroom.”

“Sure,” Emma agreed. She got the bottle open and drank as they began to walk. It was now noticeable that Dee was having trouble moving. Her legs were stiff and she walked like a cartoonish version of Frankenstein, her fists clenched at her sides. Emma tried to mimic her stride, fighting every second not to instinctively hold herself. “How the hell are we going to make it up the stairs?” she groaned as they reached the living room.

“Slowly and gently,” Dee said. “Keep your legs a bit apart and lean back a little when you step up so your thighs don't touch your bladder.”

Dee led by example as she performed a hilariously stupid-looking duckwalk up the stairs. Emma would have been laughing her arse off if she didn't know it would cause her to soak her knickers right there. Instead she just pursed her lips and started her ascent. Even with her taking every precaution, every step still sent desperate pulses across her sweat-coated body. It took her almost two minutes to reach the top of the short staircase, and Dee reached out to help her up the last step. Dee finished off her water and tossed the bottle, but Emma was barely half way through it.

“Emma, you need to finish that,” Dee said softly.

“I know, but...oh, I'm so desperate. I can barely bring myself to take another sip. It hurts...I'm so full...”

Dee took Emma's hand again and guided the bottle towards her mouth. “Drink, we're almost done, you can do it. It's just a full bladder, the pain is nothing to be afraid of.”

Emma nodded and opened her mouth, drinking the remainder of the water in one long sip, then she set the bottle on the banister at the top of the staircase. She took one step towards the bed, then froze. “Dee, I'm leaking,” she moaned. “Oh my god, it's coming out.”

Dee looked down between Emma's legs. Sure enough, the crotch of her panties was soaked through and small drops were falling onto the floor. Dee grabbed Emma's shoulders and gave her a gentle shake. “Please, stop it now, you are not finished yet. We still have half an hour until midnight.”

“I can't stop it,” Emma cried. A tear formed in the corner of her eye. “I'm sorry, Dee, I just can't stop.”

“Yes you can,” Dee hissed. “Just don't pee, imagine that your bladder has no exit, that you couldn't pee even if you wanted to. You just have to take the pressure, you just have to deal with it.”

Emma moaned loudly, opening her mouth wide and squeezing her eyes shut. Dee watched two more drops fall from Emma's panties, and then they stopped. The poor girl was shaking all over, her eyes wet and her chest heaving.

Emma kept her eyes shut as she stood in place, and she felt Dee pushing her gently. Soon the back of her knees were resting against the edge of the bed, and she felt Dee's hands on her hips, slowly lowering her down onto the mattress. Her whole body was strained to its absolute limit. Her privates felt hot as fire, the pressure causing a warmth all across her. Dee had taken Emma's hand again and navigated it between her legs. “I want you to touch me,” Dee whispered right into her ear.

Even as desperate and turned on as she was, the little bit of shame Emma had left began to flare up. “Hey,” she gasped. “What are you doing, I'm not...I don't...”

“Say it,” Dee interrupted. Her face pressed into Emma's neck as she somehow leaned forwards despite her bulging bladder. “If you don't want this, all you have to do is say it. One word. Just say 'Stop' and I'll let go of you right this second.”

Emma said nothing. She turned her hand palm-up as Dee stood straight and spread her legs slightly, pushing her pelvis out towards Emma's head. She could feel Dee's trembling labia in detail through the incredibly thin fabric, all the bumps and folds that made up her sex.

“You've never been with a woman before, have you?” Dee asked softly.

“No,” Emma breathed.

“How does it feel?”

“Soft,” she moaned as she continued to stroke Dee's trembling skin.

“I want you to focus on my body,” Dee said. “Don't even think about your need to pee, just focus entirely on me. Don't let yourself feel weird that I'm a girl. Keep your mind on how I react to your touch. Just lose yourself in this moment.” Emma placed her thumb against Dee's clit, gently brushing it through the panties. The blonde girl threw her head back and gasped, reaching out to embrace Emma around her neck. She felt herself be pulled in, her face pressed against Dee's iron bladder. Her skin was so warm, so hard, so smooth.

Dee was so lost in her pleasure that she didn't even care about the extra pressure. In fact, she greatly enjoyed it. “It feels so good,” she moaned.

Emma couldn't help herself. She turned her head slightly and kissed Dee's bladder, then she gave it a gentle lick. The woman let out another quivering moan, then gasped as her legs went limp from the pleasure. She nearly fell on top of Emma, and then they were both laying in bed, kissing each other, each with one hand in the other's panties.

“You know,” Dee managed between snogs. “If we wet the bed, it will all be absorbed in the mattress.”

“I don't care,” Emma moaned as she pulled Dee's shirt up, kissing and licking her breast the best she could without removing her red lace bra.

“I do,” Dee exhaled. “I drank so much today, more than four liters now I think. When I pee, I'm positive it's going to break my previous record. It's not about the money, I just want to know.”

“I guess I do too,” Emma responded. And then she felt Dee press harder into her crotch. So hard that it actually hurt. Not only this, Emma felt the blonde woman grasping the skin of her labia, squeezing each side together with great strength.

“Then brace yourself, it's happening,” Dee whispered suddenly.

“Wha-” Emma shrieked as Dee wrapped her free arm around Emma's shoulders and rolled backwards, causing both of them to tumble off the bed. If not for Dee's hold on her womanhood, Emma would have absolutely burst from the sudden shock. The moment they hit the floor, Emma felt steaming hot liquid soaking into her shirt and panties. Dee had lost control.

Emma looked down to see the light yellow pee exploding from the crotch of Dee's red panties, flowing up over her body and spreading out across the floor with incredible speed. Still, Dee would not release Emma's vagina. “You have to keep holding,” Dee moaned as her waters kept spraying out of her. “If we do it at the same time, it will mix the results. The Professor won't be able to tell who peed what, and she'll probably just cut the reward in half and pay us equally. You can't go until mine is measured in three minutes.”

Emma nuzzled her face right between Dee's breasts. “I've already lost voluntary control,” she said. “The only thing stopping me is your hand. It hurts, but please don't let go of me.”

“I won't.” Emma was absolutely soaked now, and it felt so warm. She couldn't take her eyes off of Dee's panties as the waterfall kept shooting out. The pressure was so great that the panties did next to nothing to stop it, her stream shooting out nearly three feet. Emma took one of her hands and placed it over Dee's crotch, feeling the liquid flowing through her fingers. She resumed stroking Dee's clit, and the woman began shaking as she moaned. It took less than ten seconds for her to reach orgasm. Her whole body, except for the hand that held Emma shut, was completely limp now. Emma placed her other hand on Dee's bladder and pushed in hard, smiling as the new pressure turned the flow into an absolute tidal wave. She just kept peeing her unending stream, her chest heaving, her mouth wide open in pleasure. Emma was almost certain that three minutes had to have passed already, and Dee just kept going. Still, Kay said nothing.

Meanwhile, the pain and pressure in Emma's own body was peaking. She felt her bladder trying over and over again to empty itself, physically feeling each potential spurt blocked by Dee's hand. It was an intense and unprecedented feeling for her, knowing that she was effectively wetting herself, but without the slightest bit of relief. Everything about it felt wrong, but still she wallowed in the sensitivity of it, letting herself enjoy every ounce of her desperate agony.

She had no idea how much time had passed when Dee finally ran empty.

They kissed again, and the pressure grew even more intense as Emma saw the puddle that coated the floor of the entire room begin to vanish. It took ten seconds to disappear completely, and when it did, Dee still would not release her hold on Emma. They just waited and waited, until...

“Nineteen hundred and eighty six milliliters,” Kay said. “A new record by one hundred and twenty three milliliters.

Dee exhaled, her face appearing disappointed. “I couldn't break two liters,” she mumbled.

“Are you kidding?” Emma purred. “You're absolutely incredible.”

“I...I was hoping to rival the Professor,” she whispered sadly.

“She can hold more than that?”

This made Dee smile, although her eyes were still sad. “You have no idea...none at all... Anyway, good luck to you.”

Without any more warning, Dee let go of Emma. Not even a millisecond passed before Emma turned into a human firehose, and she screamed in pure relief as her stream exploded halfway across the room. It soaked Dee's hand before she could even get it clear, multiple rivers flowing in various directions around the room. Dee got to her knees and bent over Emma, continuing to kiss her. She tried to stroke her, but the pressure of her pee physically pushed Dee's hand away. She refocused her attention to Emma's chest, her nipples hard as steel under the thin tanktop. She poked and kissed them, and Emma shivered and gasped as she reached the peak of her pleasure.

Emma turned her head to the side as she burst with a different sort of liquid, watching her pee line the walls and snake under the bed. She noticed that the clothes she had pushed under there earlier were gone. As she kept peeing, she felt like the pressure of it was matched with her breathing. The stream slowed as she inhaled and increased as she exhaled. “Push on my bladder,” she moaned. Dee gladly obliged, straightening up and pushing down on Emma's belly with both hands as though she was performing CPR. Emma giggled uncontrollably as the stream kept flying out of her in pulses, and she folded her legs up so it soaked her shoes, warming her feet.

“I'm impressed you have this much,” Dee whispered. “I guess I underestimated the new girl.”

“Looks like it...this is so much more than my first time in the gym.”

“You wet yourself in the gym earlier? Ugh, was it the yoga?”

Emma giggled again. “No. I had to do that, but I somehow lasted through it. Had my whole body supported on my bladder at one point, it was insane.”

“Yeah, one of the Professor's regular clients loves that. There are a few other things that happen all the time, but I don't think the Professor would be happy if I spoiled any of it.”

Emma leaned up for another kiss. “That's fine, I feel like it would be more fun to find out myself anyway.”

“Good girl,” Dee teased.

The two women stayed silent until Emma finally finished. Unlike Dee who had stopped rather suddenly, Emma finished with multiple spurts and trickles, all growing smaller with each one. As they lay there in the new puddle, they just held each other in a tight embrace. Soon enough, Emma's pee began to sink into the floor. They waited, the tension far less now that they both had their relief.

“Fifteen hundred and two milliliters,” Kay stated.

Emma jumped when Dee suddenly and loudly shrieked in happiness. “YOU DID IT! YOU BROKE THE THIRD MILESTONE! AND ONLY ON YOUR SECOND PEE!”

“Only by two milliliters,” Emma said softly. “I wouldn't have done it if you weren't physically holding me shut.”

Dee frowned. “Oh...you're probably right...Still, it's super impressive. Next time, I'm sure you'll get it without my help.”

“I hope so. That was just-”

“Girls,” Kay's voice interrupted. “That was a magnificent display from both of you. However, Emma, I do believe that you could have helped Dee last longer.”

“It's alright, Professor,” Dee chirped. “She's brand new at this. I felt like it would be more useful in the long run to help expand her capacity rather than focus on myself."

“Still, if she tried a bit harder, you could have broken two liters. If she held you shut the way you did to her...”

“I don't think she could manage the proper grip,” Dee laughed. “Gotta pinch off all the escape points. Vaginas are really squishy, the pee would just squirm around my vulva and shoot out the bottom. It took a lot of practice to figure out that trick.”

Kay exhaled a slight chuckle. “Yes, I suppose you're right. So now, please shower. It will be after midnight by the time you're done in there. Also, there's only clothes for Emma in the drawer, so if you would like to sleep together, Dee's going to be naked.”

“No problem there,” Dee said, beaming at Emma.

“Oh, Dee, when you wake up, please exit Emma's section of the complex through the shower door. I need you for another task.”

“Of course, Professor.”

“Thank you. Alright, girls. Have a good night.”

TO BE CONTINUED

Author's Thoughts: I really hope everyone is enjoying this story. I know that a lot of people here aren't into sexual contact while desperate / wetting, but it's the biggest fetish of mine. Being so intimate with someone while both of our bodies are on the brink. I also know some people may not enjoy the long sections without much desperation. However, I'm building a whole lifestyle here in my head, and I feel that including the monotonous helps authenticate the world, if you know what I mean. That style isn't changing, for as long as this story lasts you'll be reading about the girls changing clothes, getting food, watching television, ect. Much like the clients watching live online in the story, as the readers, you get to see every moment of these women's lives in Kay's complex.

*043*2016-12-30 15:45

{{22 minutes ago, Curiousanon said:

I feel like I'm going to look like an EXTREME nerd, but the Trilogy is called "Lord of the Rings". Fellowship of the Ring is only the first film/book in the series.

}}

Dude, obviously. The idea was to watch the extended edition of the first movie, not the whole trilogy.

*045*2016-12-30 16:52

{{47 minutes ago, Curiousanon said:

Hm... I guess I haven't seen the film in a long time (Like years admittedly) but for some reason I thought that the whole of the series was that long, though I'd forgotten a good amount.......

}}

Lol the extended editions of the films are almost four hours each. The whole trilogy would be nearly twelve hours. They add so much more, totally worth watching.

*048*2016-12-30 22:09

{{9 minutes ago, My_Next_Mistak said:

I've just reread it and something occurred to me. If there's no toilet in the bathroom, how does Emma, or any of the other girls for that matter poop? I know this story is focused on pee desperation but that question has been bugging me. Excellent story btw.

}}

Women don't do that in my fantasies.

*051*2016-12-31 00:14

And if you must have answers, there's the toilet in the locker room, remember?

